# Set an incremental synchronization timestamp

This topic describes the limitations, scenarios, and procedure for setting an incremental synchronization timestamp when you create a data migration project.

## Limitations

* When you create a data migration project, you can set an incremental synchronization timestamp only if you select **Incremental Synchronization** for the migration type and leave **Full Migration** unselected.

* The incremental synchronization timestamp must be the current time or a point in time earlier than the current time, and cannot be later than the expiration time or archive time of incremental logs in the source database.

## Scenarios

You can set an incremental synchronization timestamp in the following scenarios:

* You have verified data consistency between the source and destination, and you want to create a data migration project to obtain the incremental data generated after a specific point in time and synchronize the data to the destination database.

* You no longer need the historical data in the source database, but want to synchronize only the incremental data generated after a specific point in time to the destination database.

## Procedure

1. Create a data migration project and go to the **Select Migration Type** step as prompted.

   For more information, see the topic about creating a data migration project between the corresponding data sources in [Data migration](../100.data-migration-overview.md).

2. On the **Select Migration Type** page, select a migration type based on your business needs. You must select **Incremental Synchronization** and leave **Full Migration** unselected.

3. Configure other parameters as prompted and proceed to the **Migration Options** page. In the **Incremental Synchronization Start Timestamp** section, specify a point in time for synchronizing data. Data generated after this point in time will be synchronized. The default value is the current system time.

	<main id="notice" type='explain'>
	<h4>Note</h4>
	<p>The parameters on this page vary with the migration type that you selected. This topic describes how to configure the <b>Incremental Synchronization Start Timestamp</b> parameter. For information about other parameters, see the "Data migration" chapter. </p>
	<p>You can select a point in time or enter a timestamp. The timestamp is related to the retention period of incremental logs in the source database. Generally, you can start data synchronization from the current timestamp. </p>
	</main>

4. Click **Precheck**. After the precheck succeeds, start the data migration project.
