# Schema migration operations

This topic describes the schema migration operations supported in a data migration project in OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

## Background

A schema migration task migrates data objects such as tables, indexes, constraints, comments, and views from the source database to the destination database, and automatically filters out temporary tables. If the source database is not an OceanBase database, the data transmission service performs format conversion and encapsulation based on the syntax definition and standard of the type of the destination tenant of OceanBase Database and then replicates the data to the destination database.

After the precheck succeeds, the data migration project proceeds to the **Schema Migration** step. On the details page of the data migration project, you can click the **Schema Migration** tab to view the overall status, start time, end time, and total duration of the schema migration task, as well as the migration progress of tables and views.

If the schema migration task is in the **Running** or **Failed** state, the operations that you can perform on a target object varies with the state of the object. If the schema migration task is in the **Completed** state, you can only view the syntax used to create the target objects.

| Status | Supported Operation |
|--------------|----------------------|
| Initializing | - |
| DDL statements obtained/Creating/Ready | View Creation Syntax |
| Completed/Completed (with conversion)/Skipped | Remove, and View Creation Syntax |
| Failed | Retry, Skip, Remove, View Details, and Modify Creation Syntax |
| Failed to obtain the DDL statement | Retry, Skip, View, and Modify Creation Syntax |
| Not Supported <br>This state occurs when the destination database does not support the creation syntax used in the source database.  | Skip, Remove, View, and Modify Creation Syntax |

## Prerequisites

You have created and started a data migration project. For more information, see the topic about creating a data migration project between the corresponding data sources in [Data migration](../100.data-migration-overview.md).

## Limitations

* The operations in this topic are applicable to schema migration tasks in the **Running** or **Failed** state. If a schema migration task is in the **Completed** state, you can only view the syntax used to create the target objects.

* A schema migration task can migrate tables, indexes, views, comments, and CHECK constraints, but not temporary tables, events, types, functions, or procedures.

## Retry a single failed object or all failed objects

You can retry a single object or all objects in the **Failed** or **Failed to obtain the DDL statement** state. You can directly retry an object, or retry an object after you modify it.

* Retry a single failed object: On the **Schema Migration** page, find the failed object and click **Retry** in the **Actions** column.

* Retry all failed objects

   1. On the **Schema Migration** page, click **Retry All Failed Objects** in the upper-right corner.

   2. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Skip a target object

You can skip a target object in the **Failed**, **Failed to obtain the DDL statement**, or **Not Supported** state.

<main id="notice" type='notice'>
<h4>Notice</h4>
<ul>
<li>You must prepare a corresponding migration object in the destination database before you skip the target object. Otherwise, an error will occur in the <b>Full Migration</b> step. </li>
<li>Once skipped, the target object will not be migrated in the current data migration project. Proceed with caution. </li>
</ul>
</main>

To skip a target object, perform the following operations:

1. On the **Schema Migration** page, find the target object and click **Skip** in the **Actions** column.

2. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Remove a target object

You can remove a target object in the **Failed**, **Completed**, **Completed (with conversion)**, **Skipped**, **Failed to obtain the DDL statement**, or **Not Supported** state.

<main id="notice" type='notice'>
<h4>Notice</h4>
<p>Once removed, the target object will not be migrated in the current data migration project. Proceed with caution. </P>
</main>

1. On the **Schema Migration** page, find the target object and click **Remove** in the **Actions** column.

2. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Modify the creation syntax

You can modify the table creation syntax of a target object in the **Failed** or **Failed to obtain the DDL statement** state.

1. On the **Schema Migration** page, find the target object and choose **More** > **Modify** in the **Actions** column.

2. In the **Modify Table Creation Syntax** dialog box, check the failed DDL statement and the error message, and modify the definition of the conversion result of the DDL statement.

3. Click **Save**.

## View creation syntax

You can view the table creation syntax of all target objects except those in the **Initializing** or **Failed** state.

On the **Schema Migration** page, find the target object and click **View** in the **Actions** column. Fully compatible DDL syntax executed on the OBServer node is directly displayed. Incompatible syntax is converted before it is displayed.

## View details of a failed object

You can view the error details of a target object in the **Failed** state.

1. On the **Schema Migration** page, find the target object and choose **More** > **View Details** in the **Actions** column.

2. In the **View Details** dialog box, view the cause of the failure.
