# Manage departments

This topic describes how to create, modify, and delete a department as the root user.

## Limits

* You can go to the **Department Management** page only when you log on as the root user.

* A default department is provided, and you cannot modify or delete the default department.

* If a department has members, the department cannot be deleted.

## Create a department

1. Log on to the console of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** > **Permission Management**.

3. On the **Permission Management** page, click the **Department Management** tab.

4. In the upper-right corner of the **Department Management** tab, click **Create Department**.

5. In the **Create Department** dialog box, specify the department name.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > The department name cannot exceed 40 characters in length.

6. Click **OK**.

## Modify the department name

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** > **Permission Management**.

3. On the **Permission Management** page, click the **Department Management** tab.

4. On the **Department Management** tab, click **Change Name** in the **Actions** column of the target department.

5. Enter the new department name in the field and click **Save**.

## Delete a department

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** > **Permission Management**.

3. On the **Permission Management** page, click the **Department Management** tab.

4. On the **Department Management** tab, click **Delete** in the **Actions** column of the target department that does not have any member.

5. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
