# View data source information

After you create a data source, you can view the basic information, details, and network connection information of the data source on the data source list page. You can also filter data sources by type, sort data sources by creation time, and search for a data source through fuzzy matching.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Source Management**.

   The **Data Sources** page displays all existing data sources and their basic information in columns such as **Data Source ID**, **Data Source Type**, **Host IP Address:Port Number**, **Database Username**, and **Added At**.

   If your business system is deployed in multiple regions, you can use the **Region** column to view the data sources in a specific region.

   The **Actions** column allows you to perform the following operations:

   1. Test connectivity: Click **Test Connection** to check the network connection of the database.

   2. Copy a data source: Click the **More** icon, and choose **Copy** from the drop-down list. In the **Copy Data Source** dialog box, specify the parameters. For more information, see [Copy a data source](../3.manage-data-sources/3.copy-data-source.md).

   3. Edit a data source: Click the **More** icon, and choose **Edit** from the drop-down list. In the **Edit Data Source** dialog box, modify the parameters as needed. For more information, see [Edit a data source](../3.manage-data-sources/4.edit-data-source.md).

   4. Delete a data source: Click the **More** icon, and choose **Delete** from the drop-down list. In the dialog box that appears, click **Delete**. For more information, see [Delete a data source](../3.manage-data-sources/5.delete-a-data-source.md).

3. Data sources listed on the **Data Sources** page can be narrowed down to a specific subset.

   You can filter data sources by type to quickly find data sources of a specific type. You can also enter a keyword in the search box in the upper-right corner to search for a data source through fuzzy matching.

4. Click the identifier of a specific data source to view its details.
