# View details of a data migration project

After a data migration project starts, you can view the project metrics on the details page of the project, such as basic information, and project progress and status.

## Go to the details page

1. Log on to the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Migration Projects** page, click the name of the project. On the details page that appears, view the basic information and migration details of the project.

   On the **Data Migration** page, you can search for the data in the data migration project based on the tags, status, and keywords. A data migration project has the following status:

   * **Inactive** : The data migration project has not been started. You can click **Start** in the Actions column to start the project.

   * **Running** : The data migration project is in progress. You can view the data migration plan and current progress on the right.

   * **Paused** : The data migration project is manually paused. You can click **Resume** in the Actions column to resume the project.

   * **Failed** : The data migration project has failed. You can view where the failure occurred on the right. To view the error messages, click the project name to go to the project details page.

   * **Completed** : Indicates that the data migration project is completed and OMS Community Edition has migrated the specified data to the destination database in the configured migration mode.

   * **Being Released** : Indicates that the data migration project is being released. You cannot edit a data migration project in this status.

   * **Released** : Indicates that the data migration project is released. After the task is released, OMS Community Edition releases the current migration and incremental synchronization links.

## View basic information

The **Basic Information** section displays the configuration information of the data migration project in the following columns: **ID**, **Project Type**, **Alert Level**, **Created By**, **Creation Time**, **Incremental Record Retention Time**, **Concurrency for Full Migration**, **Full Verification Concurrency**, and **Connection Details** .

You can perform the following operations:

* View migration objects

  Click **View Migration Object** in the upper-right corner. The migration objects of the current data migration project are displayed. The migration objects cannot be modified after the data migration project is created.
  
* Modify configuration parameters

  Click **Modify Configuration Parameters** in the upper-right corner. In the **Modify Configuration Parameters** dialog box, modify the corresponding parameters and click **OK**.

  You can also click the edit icon next to the corresponding parameter, change the parameter value in the dialog box that appears, and click **Submit**.

  >**Note:**
  >
  >You cannot modify the parameters of a running data migration project.

* View connection details

  Click **Connection Details** next to the **Connection Details** field. View the **Terminal Type** , **Terminal Information** , and **Account** for the source and destination databases of the data migration project. You can easily copy the endpoint information.
  
## View migration details

The **Migration Details** section displays the status, progress, start time, completion time, and total time spent of all subtasks of the current project.

* **Schema migration**

  Displays the overall status, start time, completion time, and total time spent of schema migration, and the table/view migration progress.

  * You can view the names, source and sink databases, migration duration, and migration status of all objects.

  * You can click **View Creation Syntax** in the Actions column for a specific table to view the creation syntax of the table, and modify the creation syntax of the index.

  * OMS Community Edition enables you to view the objects that impede the overall migration progress based on the table/view migration status. For example, you can view the tables or views that failed to be created.

* **Full migration**

  Displays the overall status, start time, completion time, total time spent, and migration information of tables and indexes.

  * On the **Tables** tab, you can view the names, source and destination databases, estimated data volume, migrated data volume, and status of tables.

  * On the **Table Indexes** tab, you can view the table objects, source and destination databases, creation time, end time, time consumed, and status. You can click View Creation Syntax in the Actions column of the object to view the creation syntax of the index. However, the syntax cannot be modified.

  * You can filter migration objects by source or destination database.

  * You can select **View Objects with Errors** to view the objects that block the overall migration progress.

* **Incremental migration**

  In the incremental migration section, you can view the performance metrics of the incremental migration project, such as the migration latency, synchronization timestamp, and migration traffic.

  If the data migration project is in the **Paused** or **Failed** state, you can modify the **Current Timestamp** parameter. Note that you cannot select a timestamp after the current time when you modify the incremental timestamp. In addition, data may be duplicated or lost after you modify the incremental timestamp. Proceed with caution.
  
* **Full verification**

  Displays the overall status, start time, completion time, total time spent, object migration progress, and results of full verification. You can view the information of specific columns where inconsistent data is detected. OMS Community Edition runs SQL scripts to correct the data in the destination database based on the data in the source database.

  * You can view the names, source and destination databases, full data verification progress and results, and result summary of all migration objects.

  * You can filter migration objects by the source or destination database.

  * You can select **View Completed Objects Only** to view basic information of objects that have completed schema migration, for example, the object names.

  * You can choose **Re-verify** \> **Restart Full Verification** to run a full verification again for all migration objects.

  * You can also choose **Re-verify** \> **Reverify Abnormal Table** to reverify tables with exceptions.

* **Forward switchover**

  Displays the progress of the forward switchover. Before you start a forward switchover, make sure that the writing status of the source data source is either Stopping or Stopped.
  
* **Reverse incremental data migration**

  Displays the overall status, start time, synchronization timestamp, completion time, and reverse incremental performance, such as the migration latency and migration traffic.
  
## View migration objects

You can use one of the following methods to view the migration objects of the data migration project:

* On the **Migration Projects** page, click the **More** icon next to the project, and then click **View Migration Object** from the drop-down list.

* On the details page of the data migration project, click **View Migration Object** in the upper-right corner.

In the **View Migration Object** dialog box, you can view the migration objects. If data filtering is enabled for the data migration project, you can click **View Data Filtering** in the Actions column of the project and view the settings.

## View the component monitoring metrics

On the details page of the data migration project, click **View Component Monitoring** to view the information about the Store, JDBCWriter, Checker-Full, and Checker-Verify components. You can perform the following operations on the components:

* Start the component: Click **Start** in the Actions column of the component that you want to start. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

* Pause the component: Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the component that you want to pause. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

* Update the component: click **Update** next to the component you want to update. On the **Update Configuration** page, modify the configurations and click **Update**.

  **Notice:**

  The system restarts after you update the component. Proceed with caution.
  
* View the logs: Click the **More** icon next to the component whose logs you want to view, and then click **View Logs** from the drop-down list. On the **View Logs** page, you can view the latest logs of the component. You can search for, download, and copy the logs.

## View parameters

To view the parameters you configured when you created the data migration project, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner on the details page of the data migration project, and then click **View Parameter Configurations** from the drop-down list.

>**Notice:**
>
>Only the parameters of a running data migration project are displayed.

If the data migration project is paused or failed, you can click **Modify Parameter Configurations**, and modify the parameters as needed.
