# View details of an O&M ticket

The OPS & Monitoring module records all O&M operations in O&M tickets and executes them asynchronously. An O&M ticket records the task type, operator, operation object, result, creation time, and completion time of the corresponding O&M operation, to facilitate operation tracing, determine the operation process and result, and retry the operation if it fails.

## Background

The **O&M Tickets** page displays the ticket ID, task type, operator, operation object, creation time, completion time, and status of each O&M ticket. All O&M tickets are displayed by default. You can search for a specific O&M ticket by task type, creation time, operation object, or operator.

An O&M ticket can be in any of the following states:

* **Initializing**: The ticket is just created and no subtask node is created for the ticket.

* **Ready**: The ticket and its subtask nodes are created.

* **In Progress**: The subtask nodes under the ticket are being processed.

* **Successful**: The O&M operation is successful.

* **Failed**: The O&M operation failed. For such a ticket, go to the details page of ticket, and perform a corresponding operation. The following operations are available: **Skip** and **Retry**.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **O&M Tickets**.

3. Search for a specific O&M ticket by operation type, creation time, operation object, or operator.

   You can search for an O&M ticket by multiple criteria. Ticket information is displayed in the following columns: **ID**, **Task Type**, **Operator**, **Object**, **Creation Time**, **Completion Time**, and **Status**.

4. Click the ID of the target O&M ticket to go to the details page of the ticket.

   The details page displays the basic information and task list of the O&M ticket. You can view the statuses of sub-tickets in the task list. If a ticket fails, you can retry or skip it or its sub-tickets.

5. In the **Tasks** section, expand the ticket to view its sub-tickets.
