# View and modify synchronization objects

This topic describes how to view and modify the synchronization objects of a data synchronization project in OceanBase Migration Service (OMS).

## Background

If the limits are met, you can add or remove the synchronization objects of a data synchronization project during synchronization. The changes made during the running of the project will be recorded. After an object addition task is completed, it will be integrated with the original project that is associated. After the task is integrated with the original project, the original project runs normally and the object addition task is automatically released.

## Limits

* For a data synchronization project in the **Not Started**, **Running**, or **Paused** state, you can add or remove its synchronization objects.  

* For a data synchronization project in the **Failed** state, you can only remove its synchronization objects.

* For a data synchronization project in the **Modifying** or **Integrating** state, you cannot modify its synchronization objects again.

* When the Incremental Synchronization step of a data synchronization project is in the **Paused** or **Failed** state, you can only remove its synchronization objects.

* When synchronizing the data of the IDB logical table to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database and DataHub, it only supports adding synchronization objects.

## View synchronization objects

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click the name of the target project to go to its details page.

4. Click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner and view information on the **Synchronization Objects** and **Object Modifications** tabs.

   * The **Synchronization Objects** tab displays the synchronization objects of the current project. You can click **Modify Object** and then select **Add Object** or **Remove Objects**.

   * The **Object Modifications** tab displays the IDs, types, statuses, and occurrence time of all object modifications.

## **Add synchronization objects**

1. On the details page of the target project, click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner.

2. In the **View Objects** dialog box, choose **Modify Object** \> **Add Object**.

3. In the **Add Object** dialog box, select the synchronization objects to add in the left-side pane and click **\>** to add the objects to the right-side pane. In the **Map Object to Topic** dialog box, select a mapping mode as needed.

   After you select the synchronization objects to add, you can perform operations such as changing the topic and setting row-based filtering.

   >**Notice:**
   >
   >By default, the newly added synchronization objects will inherit all configuration options of the original data synchronization project. If you abort the object addition operation, you must manually delete the objects that have been added to the destination database.

4. Then, click **Next**.

5. The system automatically performs a precheck on the added synchronization objects. After the added synchronization objects pass all check items, click **Save**.

6. Confirm the information and click **OK** in the dialog box that appears.

   * For a paused or failed data synchronization project, you can cancel the addition operation and modify the synchronization objects again. The added synchronization objects will be synchronized to the destination database only after the data synchronization project resumes to normal.

   * If you add synchronization objects for a running data synchronization project, after you click Save, the added synchronization objects will be immediately synchronized to the destination database.
  
   After the object addition operation begins, records will be generated on the page displayed after you choose **View Objects** \> **Object Modifications**. You can view the details of the records on this page. The status of object addition records can be **Pending**, **Canceled**, **Modifying, Running**, **Aborted**, **Integrating**, **Succeeded**, or **Failed**. The operations that you can perform on an object addition record and the status of the original project vary with the status of the object addition record.

   >**Note:**
   >
   >If the original data synchronization project is in the **Not Started** state, a modification record in the **Succeeded** state will be generated for an object addition operation. If the original data synchronization project is in the **Paused** state, a modification record in the **Pending** state will be generated for an object addition operation.

   The status of an object addition record advances only when the original data synchronization project is in the **Running** state, and the status of the original project changes as the status of the object addition record advances. For details, see the table below.

   | **Status of an object addition record** | **Supported operations**                                                            | **Status of the original project** |
   |----------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
   | Pending                                 | View Details and Cancel                                                                                                                 | Running                            |
   | Canceled                                | None                                                                                                                                    | Running                            |
   | Modifying                               | None                                                                                                                                    | Modifying                          |
   | Running                                 | View Details and Abort                                                                                                                  | Modifying                          |
   | Aborted                                 | View Details                                                                                                                            | Running                            |
   | Integrating                             | View Details                                                                                                                            | Integrating                        |
   | Succeeded                               | View Details                                                                                                                            | Running                            |
   | Failed                                  | View Details and Retry You can also click **View Causes** to jump to the task details page and view the failure causes. | Modifying/Integrating              |

## Remove synchronization objects

1. On the details page of the target project, click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner.

2. In the **View Objects** dialog box, choose **Modify Object** \> **Remove Objects**.

3. In the **Remove Objects** dialog box, hover the pointer over a synchronization object that you want to remove in the **Destination Object** section and click **Remove**.

   You can select multiple synchronization objects and then click **Batch Remove** . In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

4. In the **Remove Objects** dialog box, click **Remove**.

5. In the confirmation dialog box that appears, confirm the synchronization objects to remove and click **OK**.

   If the project is in the paused, failed, or running state, after you click OK, the synchronization objects are immediately removed from the destination database.

   >**Notice:**
   >
   >* A removed synchronization object cannot be recovered, so proceed with caution.
   >
   >* The final result of the object removal operation is succeeded or failed for all synchronization objects.

   After the object removal operation begins, records will be generated on the page displayed after you choose **View Objects** \> **Object Modifications** . You can view the details of the records on this page. The status of object removal records can be **Pending**, **Canceled** , **Modifying, Succeeded** , or **Failed** . The operations that you can perform on an object removal record and the status of the original project vary with the status of the object removal record.

   | **Status of an object removal record** | **Supported operations**                  | **Status of the original project** |
   |----------------------------------------|--------------------------------|------------------------------------|
   | Pending                                | View Details and Cancel                                                                                                                 | Running                            |
   | Canceled                               | None                                                                                                                                    | Running                            |
   | Modifying                              | View Details                                                                                                                            | Modifying                          |
   | Succeeded                              | View Details                                                                                                                            | Running                            |
   | Failed                                 | View Details and Retry <br>You can also click **View Causes** to jump to the task details page and view the failure causes. | Modifying                          |
