# Release and delete a data synchronization project

If the data synchronization link between the source database and the destination database is no longer required, you can pause and release the data synchronization project. After the data synchronization project is released, you can delete it to release the components if you do not want to retain any related information.

## Release a data synchronization project

You can release a data synchronization project only when it is in the **Paused**, **Failed**, or **Completed** state.

After the data synchronization project is released, OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition releases the current synchronization link. This operation is irreversible. Proceed with caution. However, OMS Community Edition does not delete the project. You can still view details about the project.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Synchronization Projects** page, click **Release** in the Actions column of the project that you want to release.

   You can also click the project name to go to the details page, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner, and then click **Release** in the drop-down list.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Delete a data synchronization project

You can delete a data synchronization project only when it is in the **Initialized** or **Released** state.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization** .

3. On the **Synchronization Projects** page, click **Delete** in the Actions column of the project that you want to delete.

   You can also click the project name to go to the details page, and click **Delete** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **Delete**.
