# Supported DDL operations for incremental migration and limits

This topic describes the supported DDL operations in different types of incremental migration projects and their limits.

## Supported DDL operations in incremental migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database and limits

### Overview

* Supported DDL operations

  * `CREATE TABLE`

  * `ALTER TABLE`

  * `TRUNCATE TABLE`

  * `RENAME TABLE`

  * `DROP TABLE`

  * `CREATE INDEX`

  * `DROP INDEX`

* Unsupported DDL operations

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER DATABASE

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER FUNCTION

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER PROCEDURE

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER EVENT

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER VIEW

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER ROLE

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER TRIGGER

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER USER

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER SERVER

  * CREATE/DROP/ALTER TABLESPACE

### `CREATE TABLE`

* When you use the CREATE TABLE statement to create a table, you can specify the `IF NOT EXISTS` keyword and the `LIKE` option. Example:

   ```sql
   CREATE [TEMPORARY] TABLE [IF NOT EXISTS] tbl_name
   { LIKE old_tbl_name | (LIKE old_tbl_name) }
   ```

* You cannot use this statement to create a temporary table. The `TEMPORARY` keyword will be ignored.

   > **Note**
   >
   > You can create temporary tables in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database V3.2.3.

* You cannot use the `CREATE TABLE AS SELECT` statement to create a table based on the output of a SELECT statement. This is because an empty string will be output in this scenario.

Syntax:

```sql
CREATE [TEMPORARY] TABLE [IF NOT EXISTS] tbl_name
    (create_definition,...)   
    [table_options]
    [partition_options]
```

| Category | Description |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| create_definition | `create_definition` allows you to create columns, indexes, or constraints. For more information, see Create columns and Create indexes or constraints following this table.  |
| table_options | <ul><li>You can use this clause to specify COMMENT at the table level. <li> You can use this clause to specify `CHARACTER SET`. <li>Other table options cannot be parsed and will be ignored. </ul> |
| partition_options | <ul><li>You can use this clause to specify LIST, RANGE, HASH, and KEY partitions to be created.<br>For a LIST partition, you can specify a function partitioning key or column partitioning key.<br>For a RANGE partition, you can specify a function partitioning key or column partitioning key.<br>For a HASH partition, you can specify a function partitioning key or column partitioning key, and define LINEAR HASH.<br>For a KEY partition, you can specify a column partitioning key and define LINEAR KEY.   <li> You can use this clause to specify HASH and KEY subpartitions to be created.    <li> You can specify PARTITIONS number and SUBPARTITIONS number.      </ul> |

> **Notice**
>
> MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database support only certain character sets.[](https://www.oceanbase.com/docs/enterprise/oceanbase-database-cn/V3.2.3/10000000000357411)
>
> Do not use unsupported character sets, such as Latin-1. If you forcibly specify an unsupported character set for a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database, this character set will not be converted during DDL synchronization to the destination database and an error will be returned.

`create_definition` allows you to create columns, indexes, or constraints.

* Create columns

  When you create columns, you can:

  * Specify the NULL or NOT NULL attribute.

  * Specify the DEFAULT attribute, which can be a constant or a function.

  * Specify the VISIBLE or INVISIBLE attribute.

  * Specify AUTO_INCREMENT.

  * Specify COMMENT.

  * Specify COLLATE.

  * Specify the VIRTUAL | STORED attribute.

  * Specify the UNIQUE KEY, PRIMARY KEY, or KEY attribute. For more information, see Create indexes or constraints following this section.

  * Specify CHECK constraints (supported only in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database V3.2.3). For more information, see Create indexes or constraints following this section.

  * Specify foreign keys. For more information, see Create indexes or constraints following this section.

  * The following table lists the supported data types.

    <table>
        <tr>
            <td colspan="2"><b>Classification</b></td>
            <td><b>MySQL database</b></td>
            <td><b>MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database</b></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="12">Data types</td>
            <td rowspan="6">Integer data types</td>
            <td>INT</td>
            <td>INT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>TINYINT</td>
            <td>TINYINT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>SMALLINT</td>
            <td>SMALLINT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>MEDIUMINT</td>
            <td>MEDIUMINT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>BIGINT</td>
            <td>BIGINT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>BOOL/BOOLEAN</td>
            <td>BOOLEAN</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="2">Fixed-point data types</td>
            <td>DECIMAL</td>
            <td>DECIMAL</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>NUMERIC</td>
            <td>NUMERIC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="3">Floating-point data types</td>
            <td>REAL</td>
            <td>FLOAT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>DOUBLE</td>
            <td>DOUBLE</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>FLOAT</td>
            <td>FLOAT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>BIT data type</td>
            <td>BIT</td>
            <td>BIT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="6" colspan="2">Character data types</td>
            <td>CHAR</td>
            <td>CHAR</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>NCHAR</td>
            <td>CHAR</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>VARCHAR</td>
            <td>VARCHAR</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>BINARY</td>
            <td>BINARY</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>VARBINARY</td>
            <td>VARBINARY</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>LONG VARBINARY</td>
            <td>BLOB</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="5" colspan="2">Date and time data types</td>
            <td>YEAR</td>
            <td>YEAR</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>DATE</td>
            <td>DATE</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>TIME</td>
            <td>TIME</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>TIMESTAMP</td>
            <td>TIMESTAMP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>DATETIME</td>
            <td>DATETIME</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="8" colspan="2">BLOB and TEXT data types</td>
            <td>TINYBLOB</td>
            <td>TINYBLOB</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>MEDIUMBLOB</td>
            <td>MEDIUMBLOB</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>BLOB</td>
            <td>BLOB</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>LONGBLOB</td>
            <td>LONGBLOB</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>TINYTEXT</td>
            <td>TINYTEXT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>MEDIUMTEXT</td>
            <td>MEDIUMTEXT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>TEXT</td>
            <td>TEXT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>LONGTEXT</td>
            <td>LONGTEXT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="2" colspan="2">Enumeration and set data types</td>
            <td>ENUM</td>
            <td>ENUM</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>SET</td>
            <td>SET</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td colspan="2">JSON data type</td>
            <td>JSON</td>
            <td>TEXT (for MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database of a version earlier than V3.2.3) or JSON (for MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database V3.2.3 and later) </td>
        </tr>
    </table>

    SERIAL and GEOMETRY data types cannot be converted, such as GEOMETRY, GEOMETRYCOLLECTION, POINT, MULTIPOINT, LINESTRING, MULTILINESTRING, POLYGON, and MULTIPOLYGON.

    > Notice:
    >
    > If an unsupported data type is used, empty DDL statements will be output.

  The following attributes will not be parsed or converted but only ignored when they are specified in incremental DDL statements:

  * COLUMN_FORMAT

  * ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE

  * SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE

  * STORAGE

    Due to the limits of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the converted incremental DDL statements are synchronized to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios:

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support specifying certain functions or expressions in the DEFAULT attribute.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support specifying certain functions or expressions in generated columns.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support specifying the UNIQUE KEY, PRIMARY KEY, or KEY attribute for certain field types.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support certain collations.

* Create indexes or constraints

  When you create indexes or constraints, you can:

  * Create primary keys.

  * Create unique keys.

  * Create indexes or keys.

  * Create foreign keys on fields, functions, or expressions.

    Specify the ON [DELETE, UPDATE] | RESTRICT | CASCADE | NO ACTION | SET | DEFAULT attribute.

  * Create full-text indexes.

  * Create CHECK constraints in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database V3.2.3 and later.

  * Create prefix indexes.

  * Specify the ASC or DESC attribute.

    When you create indexes or constraints, you cannot:

  * Create primary keys, unique keys, indexes, keys, or full-text indexes on functions. You can create indexes only on fields.

    > **Notice**
    >
    > If incremental DDL statements contain the following unsupported definitions, the whole table creation statement will fail and an empty string will be output.

    Primary key, unique key, index, key, or full-text index definitions that contain functions or expressions. Examples:

    ```sql
      CREATE TABLE functional_index_t1 (col1 INT, PRIMARY KEY (col1, (ABS(col1))));
      CREATE TABLE functional_index_t1(x VARCHAR(30), INDEX idx ((CAST(x->>'$.name' AS CHAR(30)))));
      ```

  * Create spatial indexes.

  * Specify the ON [DELETE | UPDATE] SET NULL option for foreign keys.

    The following attributes will not be parsed or converted but only ignored when they are specified in incremental DDL statements:

  * USING BTREE or USING HASH

  * KEY_BLOCK_SIZE, index_type, WITH PARSER, COMMENT, VISIBLE | INVISIBLE, ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE, or SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE in index_option

  * [NOT] ENFORCED for CHECK constraints

  * MATCH FULL | MATCH PARTIAL | MATCH SIMPLE option for foreign keys

    Due to the limits of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the converted incremental DDL statements are synchronized to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios:

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support creating primary keys, unique keys, indexes, keys, full-text indexes, or foreign keys on specific types of fields.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support specifying certain functions or expressions in CHECK constraints.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support specifying certain functions or expressions in FOREIGN KEY constraints.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support certain collations.

* Create partitions

  When you create partitions, you can:

  * Create RANGE, LIST, HASH, or KEY partitions.

  * Create HASH or KEY subpartitions.

  * For RANGE, LIST, and HASH partitions, you can specify a function partitioning key (an expression or a function) or column partitioning key (a field). For KEY partitions, you can specify only a column partitioning key.

  * Specify PARTITIONS number and SUBPARTITIONS number.

    You cannot create LINEAR HASH or LINEAR KEY partitions.

    > Notice
    >
    > If the DDL statement for creating a partition contains unsupported definitions, the output partition definition is empty, but the schemas are retained (with the partition definition discarded).

  The following attributes will not be parsed or converted but only ignored when they are specified in incremental DDL statements:

  * ENGINE

  * COMMENT

  * DATA DIRECTORY

  * INDEX DIRECTORY

  * MAX_ROWS

  * MIN_ROWS

  * TABLESPACE

  * ALGORITHM (for KEY partitions)

    `PARTITION BY KEY ALGORITHM={1 | 2} (column_list) -> PARTITION BY KEY  (column_list)`

  Due to the limits of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the converted incremental DDL statements are synchronized to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios:

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support using fields of certain types as the partitioning key.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support using certain functions or expressions as the partitioning key.

### `ALTER TABLE`

When you modify a table, you can operate its columns, constraints, indexes, and partitions, as well as modify its attributes.

* Operate columns

  When you operate columns, you can add, drop, and modify columns. To be specific, you can:

  * Use ADD COLUMN to add one or more columns, with the FIRST | AFTER keyword being specified.

  * Use `ALTER COLUMN SET DEFAULT` to modify the default value of a column.

  * Use `ALTER COLUMN DROP DEFAULT` to drop the default value of a column.

  * Use `CHANGE COLUMN` or `MODIFY COLUMN` to change or modify a column.

  * Use `DROP COLUMN` to drop a column.

  If incremental DDL statements contain the following unsupported definitions, the whole table creation statement will fail and an empty string will be output.

  * `ALTER COLUMN SET VISIBLE | INVISIBLE`

  * `ORDER BY col_name`

  * `RENAME COLUMN`

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE t RENAME COLUMN d TO g;
    ```

  If incremental DDL statements contain the `MODIFY COLUMN` or `CHANGE COLUMN` clause, the FIRST | AFTER keyword will be ignored.

  Due to the limits of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the converted incremental DDL statements are synchronized to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios:

  * Using the `MODIFY COLUMN` or `CHANGE COLUMN` clause to modify the field type may fail. This is because certain field types are not supported in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database.

  * Using the `MODIFY COLUMN` or `CHANGE COLUMN` statement to modify the field length may fail.

  * Using the `ALTER COLUMN SET DEFAULT` statement to set a default value may fail. This is because certain functions or expressions are not supported in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database.

  * You cannot drop columns that are used as primary keys, unique keys, or normal indexes, or columns with FOREIGN KEY constraints.

* Operate constraints and indexes

  When you operate constraints or indexes, you can add and drop constraints or indexes. To be specific, you can:

  * Use ADD INDEX | KEY to create a normal index.

  * Use DROP INDEX to drop an index.

  * Use ADD FULLTEXT INDEX | KEY to create a full-text index.

  * Use ADD UNIQUE INDEX | KEY to create a unique index.

  * Use ADD FOREIGN KEY to create a foreign key.

    When you operate constraints or indexes, you cannot:

    > Notice
    >
    > If incremental DDL statements contain the following unsupported definitions, the whole table creation statement will fail and an empty string will be output.

  * Create unique keys, indexes, keys, and full-text indexes on functions. You can create indexes only on fields.

  * Use `ADD SPATIAL INDEX`.

  * Use `ADD PRIMARY KEY`.

  * Use `DROP PRIMARY KEY`.

  * Use `ALTER TABLE DISABLE | ENABLE KEYS`.

  * Specify the `ON [DELETE | UPDATE] SET NULL` attribute for foreign keys.``

  * In MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database of a version earlier than V3.2.3, you cannot:

    * Use `ADD CHECK`.

    * Use `DROP CHECK`.

    * Use `ALTER CHECK [NOT] ENFORCED`.

    * Use `ALTER INDEX VISIBLE | INVISIBLE`.

    * Use `RENAME INDEX | KEY`.

      ```sql
      alter table t rename key k to kk;
      ALTER TABLE T RENAME INDEX b TO w;
      ```

  * Use `ALTER TABLE DISABLE | ENABLE KEYS`.

  * Specify the `ON [DELETE | UPDATE] SET NULL` attribute for foreign keys.``

    The following attributes will not be parsed or converted but only ignored when they are specified in incremental DDL statements:

  * `USING BTREE` or `USING HASH`

  * `KEY_BLOCK_SIZE`, `index_type`, `WITH PARSER`, `COMMENT`, `VISIBLE | INVISIBLE`, `ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE`, or `SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE` in `index_option`

  * `[NOT] ENFORCED` for CHECK constraints

  * `MATCH FULL | MATCH PARTIAL | MATCH SIMPLE` for foreign keys`

    Due to the limits of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the converted incremental DDL statements are synchronized to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios:

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support creating primary keys, unique keys, indexes, keys, full-text indexes, or foreign keys on specific types of fields.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support specifying certain functions or expressions in CHECK constraints.

  * The MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database does not support specifying certain functions or expressions in FOREIGN KEY constraints.

* Operate partitions

  When you operate partitions, you can:

  * Use `ADD PARTITION` to add a RANGE partition.

  * Use `ADD PARTITION` to add a LIST partition.

  * Use `DROP PARTITION` to drop a partition.

    When you operate partitions, you cannot:

    > Notice
    >
    > If incremental DDL statements contain the following unsupported definitions, the whole table creation statement will fail and an empty string will be output.

  * Use `ADD PARTITION` to add a HASH partition.

  * Use `TRUNCATE PARTITION`.

  * Use `DISCARD PARTITION`.

  * Use `IMPORT PARTITION`.

  * Use `COALESCE PARTITION`.

  * Use `REORGANIZE PARTITION`.

  * Use `EXCHANGE PARTITION`.

  * Use `ANALYZE PARTITION`.

  * Use `CHECK PARTITION`.

  * Use `OPTIMIZE PARTITION`.

  * Use `REBUILD PARTITION`.

  * Use `REPAIR PARTITION`.

  * Use `REMOVE PARTITIONING`.

* Modify table attributes

  When you modify table attributes, you can:

  * Rename tables.

    ```sql
    alter table tablename rename to new_tablename
    ```

  * Modify table comments.
  
    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE t comment = 'table comment'
    ```

   When you modify table attributes, you cannot:

  * Modify the ALGORITHM attribute.

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE t ALGORITHM = COPY
    ```

  * Convert to a specified character set.

      ```sql
      ALTER TABLE t CONVERT TO CHARACTER SET utf16;
      ```

  * Modify the character set or collation.

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE T DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8
    ```

  * Specify the DISCARD | IMPORT TABLESPACE attribute.

  * Use ALTER TABLE FORCE.

  * Modify the LOCK attribute: LOCK = DEFAULT | NONE | SHARED | EXCLUSIVE

  * Use ALTER TABLE WITHOUT | WITH VALIDATION.

  * Modify attributes except COMMENT in table_option.

### `TRUNCATE TABLE`

```sql
  TRUNCATE [TABLE] tbl_name
```

### `RENAME TABLE`

When you migrate data from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database, you can execute the `RENAME TABLE` statement to rename one or more tables.

### `DROP TABLE`

When you migrate data from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database, you can execute the `DROP TABLE` statement to drop one or more tables.

The following attributes will not be parsed or converted but only ignored when they are specified in incremental DDL statements:

* TEMPORARY in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database of a version earlier than V3.2.3

* IF EXISTS

* RESTRICT | CASCADE

### `CREATE INDEX`

When you create indexes, you can:

* Create normal indexes.

* Create unique indexes.

* Create prefix indexes.

   ```sql
   create index i on t(c1(2))
   ```

* Specify only COMMENT in `index_option`.

When you create indexes, you cannot:

> Notice
>
> If incremental DDL statements contain the following unsupported definitions, the whole table creation statement will fail and an empty string will be output.

* Create spatial indexes.

* Create function indexes.

The following attributes will not be parsed or converted but only ignored when they are specified in incremental DDL statements:

* ASC | DESC

* `KEY_BLOCK_SIZE`

* `WITH PARSER`

* `VISIBLE | INVISIBLE`

* `ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE`

* `SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE`

* `ALGORITHM = DEFAULT | INPLACE | COPY`

* `LOCK = DEFAULT | NONE | SHARED | EXCLUSIVE`

Due to the limits of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, you cannot create indexes on specific types of fields. Otherwise, an error may be returned when the converted incremental DDL statements are synchronized to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

### `DROP INDEX`

When you migrate data from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database, you can drop indexes.

The following attributes will not be parsed or converted but only ignored when they are specified in incremental DDL statements:

* ALGORITHM = DEFAULT | INPLACE | COPY

* LOCK = DEFAULT | NONE | SHARED | EXCLUSIVE

### Limits of DDL operations in incremental migration

* If a table to be synchronized involves DDL operations that are not supported, the migration project may fail and unrecoverable data exceptions may be caused.

* Frequent DDL operations on a table are not supported. After the store finishes a DDL operation, which can be determined based on the timestamp, it proceeds to the next DDL operation. Otherwise, the store may exit unexpectedly or cause unrecoverable data exceptions.

* Make sure that no DDL operations are performed before you create a store and when a store is being started. If log pulling is involved, make sure that no DDL operations are performed during the period from the start time when logs are pulled to the current time. Otherwise, the store may exit unexpectedly or cause unrecoverable data exceptions.

* The table names before and after the `RENAME TABLE` statement must be both included or both not included in the list of tables to be synchronized.

* If you enable DDL operations in incremental migration, the `DROP INDEX` statement is executed on all indexes, which may cause index loss in the destination database.

* In a DDL operation for incremental migration, if the primary key of a table is data of the FLOAT or DOUBLE type, data inconsistency may occur.

* If you use gh-ost to synchronize DDL operations in incremental migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database:

  * When you select the **Specify Objects** mode, do not select the table named `*_ghc`.

  * When you select the **Match Rules** mode, set **Object Exclusion Rules** to `{database_name}.*_ghc`.

## Supported DDL operations in incremental migration from a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database to a MySQL database and limits

OMS Community Edition supports MySQL 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, and 8.0.

* Supported DDL operations in incremental migration

  * `CREATE TABLE`

    > **Note**
    >
    > `CREATE TABLE AS SELECT` is not supported.

  * `DROP TABLE`

  * `TRUNCATE TABLE`

  * `ALTER TABLE CHANGE COLUMN`

    > **Notice**
    >
    > You can only extend the column length. You cannot modify the column type.

  * `ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN`

  * `ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN SET DEFAULT` and `ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN DROP DEFAULT`

  * `ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMN`

  * `CREATE INDEX` and `ALTER TABLE ADD INDEX`

  * `DROP INDEX` and `ALTER TABLE DROP INDEX`

* Limits of DDL operations in incremental migration

  * If a table to be synchronized involves DDL operations that are not supported, the migration link may be interrupted and unrecoverable data exceptions may be caused.

  * Frequent DDL operations on a table are not supported. After the store finishes a DDL operation, which can be determined based on the timestamp, it proceeds to the next DDL operation. Otherwise, the store may exit unexpectedly or cause unrecoverable data exceptions.

  * Make sure that no DDL operations are performed before you create a store and when a store is being started. If log pulling is involved, make sure that no DDL operations are performed during the period from the start time when logs are pulled to the current time. Otherwise, the store may exit unexpectedly or cause unrecoverable data exceptions.

  * The table names before and after the `RENAME TABLE` statement must be both included or both not included in the list of tables to be synchronized.

  * If you enable DDL operations in incremental migration, the `DROP INDEX` statement is executed on all indexes, which may cause index loss in the destination database.

## Supported DDL operations and limits for migrate data between OceanBase database Community Edition

You can use DDL operations to migrate incremental data between OceanBase database Community Edition.

> **Notice**
>
> If you have created an `index` in the source tenant, it also exists in the destination tenant. OMS Community Edition automatically ignores the `index` without interrupting the migration process.

* Supported DDL operations in incremental migration

  * `ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN`

  * `ALTER TABLE MODIFY COLUMN`

      > **Notice**
      >
      > You can only extend the column length. You cannot modify the column type.

  * `ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN SET DEFAULT` and `ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN DROP DEFAULT`

  * `ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMN`

  * `CREATE TABLE`

  * `DROP TABLE`

  * `TRUNCATE TABLE`

  * `CREATE INDEX` and `ALTER TABLE ADD INDEX`

  * `DROP INDEX` and `ALTER TABLE DROP INDEX`

  * `RENAME TABLE` and `ALTER TABLE RENAME`

* Limits of DDL operations in incremental migration

  * If a table to be synchronized involves DDL operations that are not supported, the migration link may be interrupted and unrecoverable data exceptions may be caused.

  * Frequent DDL operations on a table are not supported. After the store finishes a DDL operation, which can be determined based on the timestamp, it proceeds to the next DDL operation. Otherwise, the store may exit unexpectedly or cause unrecoverable data exceptions.

  * Make sure that no DDL operations are performed before you create a store and when a store is being started. If log pulling is involved, make sure that no DDL operations are performed during the period from the start time when logs are pulled to the current time. Otherwise, the store may exit unexpectedly or cause unrecoverable data exceptions.

  * The table names before and after the `RENAME TABLE` statement must be both included or both not included in the list of tables to be synchronized.

  * If you enable DDL operations in incremental migration, the `DROP INDEX` command is executed on all indexes, which may cause index loss in the destination database.

## FAQ

Q: What can I do if a data migration project fails because I have performed an unsupported DDL operation in the source database?

A: Configure the DDL operation in SkipDDL and restart the data migration project. Procedure:

1. Go to the details page of the target project.

   1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

   2. In the left-side navigation pane, click `Data Migration`.

   3. In the **Migration Projects** list, click the name of the target project to go to its details page.

2. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner.

3. On the **View Component Monitoring** page, click **...** for the JDBCWriter component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.

4. Find the error DDL statement in the `error.log` file.

5. In the `ddl_msg.log` file, copy the content in `receive ddl:`.

6. Update component parameters.

   1. Return to the **View Component Monitoring** page and click **Update** for the JDBCWriter component.

   2. On the **Update Configurations** page, move the pointer over the `JDBCWriter.coordinatorFile.skipDdl` parameter. Click the Edit icon, change the value to the copied content, and click the Confirm icon. Multiple DDL statements must be separated with ampersands (&). You can also change the delimiter.

   3. Move the pointer over the `extraConfig` parameter. Click the Add icon, add the `JDBCWriter.coordinatorFile.skipDDLSeparator = "$"` parameter, and click the Confirm icon. The default value of the new parameter is \&.

   4. Click **Update**.

7. Return to the details page of the data migration project, and click **Restore** in the upper-right corner to run the project again.