# Log on to the OMS Community Edition console

After you deploy OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition, you can log on to the OMS Community Edition console by using the OMS Community Edition access URL.

## Procedure

1. In Google Chrome v102 or later, enter the OMS Community Edition access URL and then press Enter.

   The access URL of the OMS Community Edition console is in the `host IP:8089` format, where the host IP is the IP address of the host where OMS is hosted. Example: `http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8089 or https://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8089`.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>The version of the Google Chrome browser cannot be earlier than v102. </p>
    <p>OMS Community Edition supports the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate. If you have mounted an SSL certificate to the specific directory of the OMS Community Edition container when you deploy the OMS Community Edition, you must log on to the OMS Community Edition console in HTTPS mode. </p>
    </main>

2. (Optional) Set a password and activate the account.

   When you log on to the OMS Community Edition console as the admin user for the first time, you must change the default password to ensure account security. If you are not a first-logon user, skip this step.

   1. In the **Password** field of the dialog box, enter a password.

      The password must be 8 to 32 characters in length and contain at least one digit, one letter, and one special character. The supported special characters are . _ + @ # $ %

   2. In the **Confirm Password** field, enter the password again.

   3. Click **Activate**.

3. Enter the OMS Community Edition username and password on the logon page.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>If you have set <code>oms.captcha.enable</code> to <code>true</code> on the <strong>System Parameters</strong> page, you must also enter a verification code to log on. The verification code is valid for 10 minutes. </p>
    </main>

4. Click **Log On**.

   Keep your new password confidential. You can change the password at **User Center**. For more information, see [Change your logon password](../500.oms-console/300.user-center/200.change-the-logon-password.md).
