# Overview

This topic describes the modules of the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console.

## Overview

After you log on to the OMS Community Edition console, the **Overview** page automatically appears. The page displays the general information of data migration and synchronization projects, resource usage, and task status of each OMS Community Edition module.

|  **Section**   |                                                                               **Description**                                                                               |
|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Overview       | Displays the total number of data migration projects, data synchronization projects, and data sources. You can view the overall resource usage of OMS Community Edition in this section.      |
| Resource Usage | Displays the total and allocated numbers of resource units in OMS Community Edition, including the CPU, memory, and disk usage.                                                               |
| Task Status    | Displays the total number of migration or synchronization projects, and the number and proportion of projects in each state on respective tabs.                             |
| Help           | Displays the basic concepts and procedural instructions of OMS Community Edition, as well as common operations in the OMS Community Edition console, helping you understand the features and operations of OMS Community Edition. |

## Data migration

OMS Community Edition allows you to migrate data online and synchronize incremental data in real time by using multiple types of migration links.

After you log on to the OMS Community Edition console, click **Data Migration** in the left-side navigation pane. On the **Data Migration** page, you can create and manage data migration projects. For more information, see [Data migration](../600.data-migration/100.data-migration-overview.md).

## Data synchronization

OMS Community Edition supports the real-time synchronization between a MySQL or Oracle tenant of OceanBase Database and a Kafka, RocketMQ, or DataHub data source, and synchronization from other types of databases to a RocketMQ database. OMS Community Edition can synchronize logical tables from a DataBase Proxy (DBP) data source to the physical tables in a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

After you log on to the OMS Community Edition console, click **Data Synchronization** in the left-side navigation pane. On the **Data Synchronization** page, you can create and manage data synchronization projects. For more information, see [Data synchronization](../700.data-synchronization/100.data-synchronization-overview.md).

## Data source management

OMS Community Edition allows you to add, view, copy, edit, and delete multiple types of data sources.

After you log on to the OMS Community Edition console, click **Data Source Management** in the left-side navigation pane. On the **Data Source Management** page, you can add and manage data sources. For more information, see [Manage data sources](../800.create-and-manage-data-sources/100.create-a-data-source/100.create-an-oceanbase-data-source/100.create-oceanbase-database-physical-tables-as-a-data-source.md).

## O\&M and monitoring

The O\&M and monitoring module of the OMS Community Edition console is specially designed for on-site O\&M engineers. It enables visualized O\&M operations for troubleshooting in an isolated network.

After you log on to the OMS Community Edition console, click **O\&M and Monitoring** in the left-side navigation pane. On the page that appears, you can perform O\&M operations as needed. For more information, see [O\&M and monitoring](../900.o-m-manual/100.o-m-overview.md).

## System management

After you log on to the OMS Community Edition console, click **System Management** in the left-side navigation pane. On the page that appears, you can manage users, configure alerts, associate with OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP) clusters, view and modify system parameters, and perform other system management operations. For more information, see [System management](../1000.system-management/100.permission-management/100.permission-overview.md).
