Data synchronization process 
=================================================

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) supports the real-time synchronization between a MySQL or Oracle tenant of OceanBase Database and a Kafka, RocketMQ, or DataHub data source. OMS can synchronize logical tables from a DataBase Proxy (DBP) data source to the physical tables in a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database. OMS provides a scalable message processing capability, which is useful for real-time data warehousing, data query, report distribution, and other services. This topic describes the data synchronization process. 

To create and manage a data synchronization project, perform the following steps:

1. Prepare for data synchronization. 

   Before you use OMS to synchronize data, we recommend that you create a dedicated database user for the data synchronization project and grant the required data operation privileges to the user. For more information, see [Create and authorize a database user](/en-US/5.user-guide/5.data-migration-1/4.preparation/1.create-and-authorize-a-database-user.md).
   

2. Add source and destination data sources. For more information, see [Add a data source](/en-US/5.user-guide/3.manage-data-sources/1.add-a-data-source/2.add-a-mysql-data-source.md).

   

3. Create a data synchronization project. 

   Log on to the OMS console and complete the required configurations. For more information, see [Data synchronization](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/1.data-synchronization-overview.md).
   

4. Optional. View the status, objects, and component monitoring metrics of the data synchronization project. For more information, see [View details of a data synchronization project](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/4.manage-a-data-synchronization-task/1.view-the-task-information-objects-and-status-of-a-synchronization.md). 

   * View details about the data synchronization project. 

     You can learn about the status of the data synchronization project based on its synchronization timestamp and latency, which provides reference information for monitoring the synchronization performance.
     
   
   * View the component monitoring metrics. 

     You can view the **Store Log Pulling Component** and **Connector Synchronous Write Component** on the **View Component Monitoring** page.
     
   
   * View the synchronization objects. 

     You can view the synchronization objects during data synchronization.
     
   

   

5. Optional. Stop and release the data synchronization project. 

   If data synchronization is no longer required, you can stop the data synchronization project and release the resources. For more information, see [Release and delete a data synchronization project](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/4.manage-a-data-synchronization-task/3.release-or-delete-a-synchronization-task.md).
   



