# Start and pause a connector 

The O\&M monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to stop and start a connector. You can stop a connector for troubleshooting, and the connector can be automatically or manually started after the problem is fixed. 

## Start a Connector 

You need to manually start a connector in the **Stopped** state in the OMS Community Edition console. In addition, you can set a timestamp from which data is pulled. 

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** **\>** **Components**.


3. On the **Components** page, click the **Connector** tab.

4. On the **Connector** page, you can search for the target connector by connector name, synchronization task name or ID, or server IP address. 

5. Click **Start** in the **Actions** column of the targe connector.

6. In the dialog box that appears, set **Whether to Replay Data**. 


7. Click **Start**.

## Pause a connector 

If a connector encounters an exception such as high latency during operation, we recommend that you pause the connector and fix the problem in a timely manner. 

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

   

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** **\>** **Connector**.

   

3. On the page that appears, search for the target connector by connector name, synchronization task name or ID, or server IP address. 

4. Click **Pause** in the **Actions** column of the target connector.


5. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
