# Paths of component logs 

This topic describes the paths for key logs of the Console, CM, Supervisor, Store, Connector, JDBCWriter, and Checker components. 

## Console 

Logs of the Console component are stored at `/home/admin/logs/ghana/Ghana`.

* `common-default.log`: records info logs.

* `common-error.log`: records error logs.

  

* `oms-scheduler.log`: records scheduling logs.

  

* `oms-step`: records step execution logs.

  

* `oms-api.log`: records logs of external API calls.

  

* `database.log`: records database call logs.

  

* `oms-web.log`: records Console access logs.

  

* `oms-alarm.log`: records alert logs.

  

* `dbcat.log`: records schema migration logs.



## CM (for cluster resource management) 

Logs of the CM component are stored at `/home/admin/logs/cm/log`.

* `logs.log`: records daily controller logs.

  

* `service.log`: records service logs.


## Supervisor 


Logs of the Supervisor component are stored at `/home/admin/logs/supervisor`.

* `command.log`: records command execution logs.

  

* `common-default.log`: records info logs.

  

* `common-error.log`: records error logs.

  

* `job.log`: records job scheduling logs.

  

* `request.log`: records request logs.


## Store 

Logs of the Store component are stored at `/home/ds/store/{storeport}/``log`. To obtain `storeport`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

   

3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click the name of the target data synchronization project to go to its details page.

   

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding Store component. You can obtain port information from the component ID.

You can log on to the OMS Community Edition console and view the logs of the Store component in either of the following ways: 

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.


* Choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components** \> **Store** . On the page that appears, click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.


Logs of the Store component are recorded in the `liboblog.log`, `store.log`, and `congo.log` files. 

* `liboblog.log`: records capturing logs of the Store component in OceanBase Database.

  

* `store.log` and `congo.log`: records logs at the framework layer.

 

## Connector 

Logs of the Connector component are stored at `/home/ds/run/{connectorName}/log`. To obtain `connectorName`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

   

3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click the name of the target data synchronization project to go to its details page.

   

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding Connector component.

   




You can log on to the OMS Community Edition console and view the logs of the Connector component in either of the following ways: 

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.

  

* Choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components** \> **Connector** . On the page that appears, click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.

  




Logs of the Connector component are recorded in the following files:

* `connector.log`: records info logs at the framework layer.

  

* `error.log`: records error logs at the framework layer.

  

* `metrics-xxx.log`: records metric logs.

  

* `plugin-connector.log`: records info logs at the component layer.

  

* `plugin-error.log`: records error logs at the component layer.

  

* `msg/connector_source_msg.log`: records messages indicating that data is successfully read from the source database.

  

* `msg/connector_sink_msg.log`: records messages indicating that data is successfully written to the destination database.

  

* `msg/connector_msg.log`: records heartbeat messages.

  




## JDBCWriter 

Logs of the JDBCWriter component are stored at `/home/ds/run/{jdbcwriterName}/log`. To obtain `jdbcwriterName`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

   

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

   

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target data migration project to go to its details page.

   

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding JDBCWriter component.


You can log on to the OMS Community Edition console and view the logs of the JDBCWriter component in either of the following ways: 

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.


* Choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components** \> **JDBCWriter**. On the page that appears, click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.



Logs of the JDBCWriter component are recorded in the following files:

* `Link ID under the root directory of the link.out`: records project startup logs.

  

* `logs/plugin-connector.log`: records logs generated in third-party JAR packages.

  

* `logs/msg/sql_msg.log`: records slow DML statements whose execution time is longer than 15 ms.

  

* `logs/msg/ddl_msg.log`: records received DDL statements, including DDL statements before and after etransfer and DDL statements for compensation (to add special columns and indexes).
  

* `logs/msg/metrics.log`: records metric logs.


* `logs/msg/manual_table.log`: records tables to which special columns and indexes are added. Before reverse migration, you must delete the special columns and indexes from the tables.

  

* `logs/error.log`: records error logs of the project.

  

* `logs/warn.log`: records alert logs of the project, including logs generated in etransfer, un-updated data content in case of primary key conflicts, and prompts for large transaction splitting.

  

* `logs/jdbc-connector.log`: records configuration parameters of the project.

  

* `logs/plugin-error.log`: records error logs in third-party JAR packages.

  




## Checker 

Logs of the Checker component are stored at `/home/ds/run/{checkerName}/log`. To obtain `checkerName`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

   

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

   

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target data migration project to go to its details page.

   

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding Checker component.

You can log on to the OMS Community Edition console and view the logs of the Checker component in either of the following ways: 

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.

  

* Choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components** \> **Checker** . On the page that appears, click **...** for the target component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu.

Logs of the Checker component are recorded in the following files:

* `error.log`: records error logs of the project.

  

* `metrics.log`: records metric logs of the project.

  

* `task.log`: records runtime logs of the project.


Critical log files:

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/heartbeat`

  

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/overview-running`

  

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/overview-done`

  

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/overview-failed`

 
Verification result file:

`/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/{schema}/diff/{tablename}.diff`

SQL script correction file:

`/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/{schema}/sql/{tablename}.sql`
