# View details of a data migration project

After a data migration project starts, you can view the project metrics on the details page of the project, such as the basic information, and project progress and status.

## Access the details page

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target project. On the details page that appears, view the **basic information and migration details** of the project.

   On the **Data Migration** page, you can search for data migration projects by tag, status, type, or keywords. A data migration project has the following status:

   * **Not Started**: The data migration project has not been started. You can click **Start** in the Actions column to start the project.

   * **Running**: The data migration project is in progress. You can view the data migration plan and current progress on the right.

   * **Modifying:** The migration objects in the migration project are being modified.

   * **Integrating**: The data migration project of the modified migration object is being integrated with the migration object modification task.

   * **Paused**: The data migration project is manually paused. You can click **Resume** in the Actions column to resume the project.

   * **Failed**: The data migration project has failed. You can view where the failure occurred on the right. To view the error messages, click the project name to go to the project details page.

   * **Completed**: The data migration project is completed and OMS Community Edition has migrated the specified data to the destination database in the configured migration mode.

   * **Releasing**: The data migration project is being released. You cannot edit a data migration project in this status.

   * **Released**: The data migration project is released. After the project is released, OMS Community Edition terminates the current migration and incremental synchronization project.

## View basic information

The **Basic Information** section displays the basic information of the current data migration project.

| **Parameter** | **Description** |
|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ID | The unique ID of the data migration project.  |
| Migration type | The migration type selected when the current data migration project was created.  |
| Alert level | The alert level of the data synchronization project. OMS Community Edition supports the following alert levels: **No Protection**, **High Protection**, **Medium Protection**, and **Low Protection**. For more information, see [Alert settings](../../1000.system-management/200.alert-center/300.manage-alert-settings.md).  |
| Created By | The user who created the current data migration project.  |
| The time when the replica was created. | The time when the current data migration project was created.  |
| Concurrency for Full Migration | The value can be **Smooth**, **Normal**, or **Fast**. The number of resources to be consumed by a full data migration task varies based on the migration performance.  |
| Full Verification Concurrency | The value can be **Smooth**, **Normal**, or **Fast**. Different quantities of resources of the source and destination databases are consumed at different concurrencies.  |
| Connection Details | Click **Connection Details** to view the information about the connection between the source and destination databases of the data migration project.  |

You can perform the following operations:

* View migration objects

   Click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner. The migration objects of the current data migration project are displayed. You can also modify the migration objects of an ongoing data migration object. For more information, see [View and modify migration objects](../1500.manage-data-migration-projects/200.view-and-modify-migration-objects.md).

* View the component monitoring metrics

   Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the information about the Store, Incr-Sync, Full-Import, and Full-Verification components. You can perform the following operations on the components:

  * Start a component: Click **Start** in the Actions column of the component that you want to start. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  * Pause a component: Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the component that you want to pause. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  * Update a component: Click **Update** in the Actions column of the component that you want to update. On the **Update Configuration** page, modify the configurations and then click **Update**.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>The system restarts after you update the component. Proceed with caution. </p>
    </main>

  * View logs: Click **View Logs** in the Actions column of the component. The **View Logs** page displays the latest logs. You can search for, download, and copy the logs.

* View or modify parameter configurations

  * For a data migration project in the **Running** state, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner and then select **Settings** from the drop-down list to view the parameters of the data migration project when it was created.

  * For a data migration project in the **Not Started**, **Paused**, or **Failed** state, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner and then select **Modify Parameter Configurations** from the drop-down list. In the **Modify Parameter Configurations** dialog box, modify the parameters, and click **OK**.

      The parameters that can be modified vary with the type of the data migration project and the stage of the task.

* Download object settings

   OMS Community Edition allows you to download configuration information of data migration projects and import migration project settings in batches. For more information, see [Download and import the settings of migration objects](../1500.manage-data-migration-projects/400.download-and-import-the-settings-of-migration-objects.md).

## View migration details

The **Migration Details** section displays the status, progress, start time, completion time, and total time spent of all subtasks of the current project.

* **Schema migration**

   The definitions of data objects, such as tables, indexes, constraints, comments, and views, are migrated from the source database to the destination database. Temporary tables are automatically filtered out. If the source database is not an OceanBase database, the data transmission service performs format conversion and encapsulation based on the syntax definition and standard of the type of the destination tenant of OceanBase Database and then replicates the data to the destination database.

   When you advance to the forward switchover step in a data migration project, OMS Community Edition will automatically drop the hidden columns and unique indexes based on the type of the data migration project. For more information, see [Schema migration mechanisms](../1600.migration-function-introduction/800.schema-migration-mechanisms.md).

   You can view the overall status, start time, completion time, total time consumed, and table and view migration progress for a schema migration project on the **Schema Migration** page. You can also perform the following operations on an object:

  * View Creation Syntax: On the **Database** or **Table** tab, click **View** next to the target object to view the creation syntax of a database, table, or index.

      If the table creation syntax is fully compatible, the DDL syntax executed on the OBServer node is displayed. Incompatible syntax is converted before it is displayed.

  * Modify Creation Syntax and Try Again: View the error information, check and modify the definition of the conversion result of a failed DDL statement, and then migrate the data to the destination again.

  * Retry/Retry All Failed Objects: You can retry failed schema migration tasks one by one or retry all failed tasks at a time.

  * Skip/Batch Skip: You can skip failed schema migration tasks one by one or skip multiple failed tasks at a time. To skip multiple objects at a time, click **Batch Skip** in the upper-right corner. If you skip an object, its index is also skipped.

  * Remove/Batch Remove: You can remove failed schema migration tasks one by one or remove multiple failed tasks at a time. To remove multiple failed tasks at a time, click **Batch Remove** in the upper-right corner. If you remove an object, its index is also removed.

  * View Details: The DDL statements executed on the OBServer node and the execution error information of a failed schema migration task are displayed.

* **Full migration**

   The existing data is migrated from tables in the source database to the corresponding tables in the destination database. On the **Full Migration** page, you can filter objects by source and destination databases, or select **View Objects with Errors** to filter out objects that hinder the overall migration progress. You can also view related information on the **Table Objects**, **Table Indexes**, and **Full Migration Performance** tabs. The status of the full migration task changes to Completed only after the table objects and table indexes are migrated.

  * On the **Table Objects** tab, you can view the names, source and destination databases, estimated data volume, migrated data volume, and status of tables.

  * On the **Table Indexes** tab, you can view the table objects, source and destination databases, creation time, end time, time consumed, and status. You can also view the index creation syntax and remove unwanted indexes.

  * On the **Full Synchronization Performance** tab, you can view performance metrics in charts such as source RPS, destination RPS, synchronization traffic at the source and destination databases, average read time and sharding time at the source database, and average write time at the destination database. These metrics can help you effectively identify performance issues.

   You can combine full migration with incremental synchronization to ensure data consistency between the source and destination databases. If any objects fail to be migrated during a full migration, the causes of the failure are displayed.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>If you do not select <strong>Schema Migration</strong> for <strong>Migration Type</strong>, OMS Community Edition migrates the fields in the source database that match those in the destination database during full migration, without checking whether the schemas are consistent. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>After the full migration is completed and the subsequent procedure is started, you cannot choose <strong>O&amp;M and Monitoring</strong> > <strong>Component</strong> > <strong>Full-Verification</strong> and click <strong>Rerun</strong> on the **Full-Verification** page. </p>
    </li>
    </ul>
  </main>

* **Incremental synchronization**

   Changed data in the source database is synchronized to the corresponding tables in the destination database after an incremental synchronization task starts. Data changes are data addition, modification, and deletion. When services continuously write data to the source database, OMS Community Edition starts the incremental data pull module to pull incremental data from the source instance, parses and encapsulates the incremental data, and then stores the data in OMS Community Edition. After that, OMS Community Edition starts the full data migration.

   After the full data migration task is completed, OMS Community Edition starts the incremental data replay module to pull incremental data from the incremental data pull module. The incremental data is synchronized to the destination instance after being filtered, mapped, and converted. If an Incr-Sync exception occurs after you execute a DDL statement on the source database and the data migration project fails, a page appears, displaying the DDL statement that causes the project failure and the Skip button. You can click **Skip** and confirm your operation.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>This operation may lead to data structure inconsistency between the source and destination databases. Proceed with caution. </p>
  </main>

   For a **Running** data migration project, you can view its latency, current timestamp, and incremental synchronization performance in the incremental synchronization section. The latency is displayed in the following format: X seconds (updated Y seconds ago). Normally, Y is less than 20.

   For a **Paused** or **Failed** data migration project, you can enable the DDL/DML statistics feature to collect statistics on the database operations performed after this feature is enabled, You can also view the specific information about incremental synchronization objects and the incremental synchronization performance.

  * The **Synchronization Object Statistics** tab displays the statistics about table-level DML statements executed for each incremental synchronization object in the current project. The numbers displayed in the Change Sum, Delete, Insert, and Update fields in the section above the **Synchronization Object Statistics** tab are the sums of the corresponding columns on this tab.

  * The **Incremental Synchronization Performance** tab displays the following content:

    * Latency: the latency in synchronizing incremental data from the source database to the destination database, in seconds.

    * Migration traffic: the traffic throughput of incremental data synchronization from the source database to the destination database, in KB/s.

    * Average execution time: the average execution time of an SQL statement, in ms.

    * Average commit time: the average commit time of a transaction, in ms.

    * RPS: the number of rows written to the destination database per second.

   When you create a data migration project, we recommend that you specify related information such as the alert level and alert frequency, to help you understand the project status. OMS Community Edition provides low-level protection by default. You can modify the alert level based on your business requirements. For more information, see [Alert settings](../../1000.system-management/200.alert-center/300.manage-alert-settings.md).

  * When the incremental synchronization latency exceeds the specified alert threshold, the incremental synchronization status stays at Running and the system does not trigger any alerts.

  * When the incremental synchronization latency is less than or equal to the specified alert threshold, the incremental synchronization status changes from Running to Monitoring. After the incremental synchronization status changes to Monitoring, it will not change back to Running when the latency exceeds the specified alert threshold.

* **Full verification**

   After the full data migration and incremental data migration are completed, OMS Community Edition automatically initiates a full data verification task to verify the data tables in the source and destination databases.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>If you do not select <strong>Schema Migration</strong> for <strong>Migration Type</strong>, OMS Community Edition verifies the fields in the source database that match those in the destination database during full verification, without checking whether the schemas are consistent. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>During the full data verification, if you perform the <code>create</code>, <code>drop</code>, <code>alter</code>, or <code>rename</code> operation on the source tables, the full data verification may exit. </p>
    </li>
    </ul>
  </main>

   You can also initiate custom data verification tasks in the incremental data synchronization process. On the **Full Verification** page, you can view the overall status, start time, end time, total consumed time, estimated total number of rows, number of migrated rows, real-time traffic, and RPS of the full verification task.

   The **Full Verification** page contains the **Verified Objects** and **Verification Performance** tabs.

  * On the **Verified Objects** tab, you can view the verification progress and verification object list.

    * You can view the names, source and destination databases, full data verification progress and results, and result summary of all migration objects.

    * You can filter migration objects by source or destination database.

    * You can select **View Completed Objects Only** to view the basic information of objects that have completed schema migration, such as the object names.

    * You can choose **Reverify** > **Restart Full Verification** to run a full verification again for all migration objects.

    * For tables with inconsistent verification results:

         If you need to reverify all data in the tables, choose **Reverify** > **Reverify Abnormal Table**.

         If you need to reverify only inconsistent data, choose **Reverify** > **Verify Only Inconsistent Records**.

        <main id="notice" type='notice'>
        <h4>Notice</h4>
        <p>Correction operations are not supported if the source database has no corresponding data. </p>
        </main>

  * On the **Full Verification Performance** tab, you can view the graphs of performance data such as the RPS and verification traffic of the source and destination databases and performance benchmarks. Such information can help you identify performance issues in a timely manner.

   OMS Community Edition allows you to skip full verification for a project that is being verified or has failed verification. On the **Full Verification** page, click **Skip Full Verification** in the upper-right corner. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>If you skip full data verification, you cannot resume the verification task for data comparison and correction. You can only clone the current project to initiate full data verification again. Therefore, proceed with caution. </p>
  </main>

   After the full verification is completed, you can click **Go To Next Stage** to start a forward switchover. After you enter the switchover process, you cannot recheck the current verification task to compare or correct data.

* **Forward switchover**

   Forward switchover is an abstract and standard process of traditional system cutover and does not involve the switchover of application connections. This process includes a series of tasks that are performed by OMS Community Edition for application switchover in a data migration project. You need to make sure that the entire forward switchover process is completed before the application connections are switched over to the destination database.

   Forward switchover will be performed if you choose to perform data migration. During forward switchover, you need to terminate forward incremental synchronization, delete the additional columns and unique indexes that the migration depends on, add the CHECK constraint that was filtered out by OMS Community Edition during the synchronization, and activate the triggers and foreign keys in the destination database to ensure the data integrity and availability of the destination database. Objects such as triggers and foreign keys are disabled before the migration to avoid data inconsistency.

   If reverse incremental migration is configured, the subtasks for starting reverse incremental migration and disabling triggers and foreign keys in the source database are included in the forward switchover process. This enables you to start real-time incremental synchronization from the destination database to the source database. This ensures that the business data flows back to the source database and allows application switchover at any time.

   1. Start forward switchover

      In this step, the project does not stop. You only need to confirm the switchover process that is about to start. To start the forward switchover task, click **Start Forward Switchover**.

      <main id="notice" type='notice'>
      <h4>Notice</h4>
      <p>Before you start a forward switchover task, make sure that the source data source is about to stop writing or has stopped writing. </p>
      </main>

   2. Perform switchover precheck

      Check whether the current project status supports switchover. The precheck involves the following steps:

      * Check the synchronization latency: If the synchronization latency is within 15 seconds after incremental synchronization is started, the project passes this check item. If incremental synchronization is not started, the project automatically passes this check item.

      * Check the user write privilege on the source side.

      * Check the incremental logs on the destination database.

      If the project passes the precheck, the system automatically performs the next step. If the switchover fails the precheck, the system shows the error details.

      In this case, you can retry or skip the precheck.

      After you click **Skip**, you must also click **Skip** in the dialog box that appears.

   3. Start the destination Store

      Start incremental data pulling in the destination database. Create and start a destination Store. If the start fails, you can choose to click **Retry** or **Skip**.

   4. Confirm that writing has stopped in the source database

      In the **Confirm Writing Stopped at Source** section, click **OK** to make sure that no incremental data is generated in the source database.

   5. Confirm the writing stop timestamp upon synchronization completion

      OMS Community Edition automatically checks whether the source and destination databases are synchronized to the same timestamp. After the check is completed, the latency and timestamp of the incremental synchronization are displayed. If the synchronization of incremental data failed, you can click **Retry** or **Skip**.

   6. Stop forward synchronization

      You can stop the Incr-Sync component that synchronizes data from the source database to the destination database. If the forward synchronization fails to be stopped, you can choose to click **Retry** or **Skip**.

   7. Process database objects

      In this step, the database objects are migrated, the additional columns and indexes added by OMS Community Edition are deleted, and the constraints that are automatically ignored during the schema migration are added. You must also confirm that objects such as triggers and sequences have been manually migrated and that the triggers and foreign keys of the source are disabled.

      You need to click **Run** to process the database objects. For a running project, the **View Logs** and **Skip** options are provided in the Actions column. For manually handled projects, you must click **Mark as Complete**. After all projects have been marked as completed, proceed to the next step.

   8. Start reverse incremental migration

      In the **Start Reverse Incremental Migration** section, click **Start Reverse Incremental Migration** to start the Incr-Sync component that synchronizes data from the destination database to the source database. Wait until the "Reverse incremental migration started" message appears.

* **Reverse incremental migration**

   For a **Running** data migration project, you can view its latency, current timestamp, and reverse incremental migration performance in the reverse incremental migration section. The latency is displayed in the following format: X seconds (updated Y seconds ago). Normally, Y is less than 20.

   For a **Paused** or **Failed** data migration project, you can enable the DDL/DML statistics feature to collect statistics on the database operations performed after this feature is enabled, You can also view the specific information about the objects and performance of reverse incremental data synchronization.

  * The **Synchronization Object Statistics** tab displays the statistics about table-level DML statements executed for each incremental synchronization object in the current project. The numbers displayed in the Change Sum, Delete, Insert, and Update fields in the section above the **Synchronization Object Statistics** tab are the sums of the corresponding columns on this tab.

  * The **Reverse Incremental Migration Performance** tab displays the following content:

    * Latency: the latency in synchronizing incremental data from the destination database to the source database, in seconds.

    * Migration traffic: the traffic throughput of incremental data synchronization from the destination database to the source database, in Kbit/s.

    * Average execution time: the average execution time of an SQL statement, in ms.

    * Average commit time: the average commit time of a transaction, in ms.

    * RPS: the number of rows written to the destination database per second.
