# View and modify migration objects

This topic describes how to view and modify the objects of a configured data synchronization project by using OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

## Background information

If the limitations are met, you can add or remove migration objects of a data migration project during migration. The changes made during the running of the project will be recorded. After an object addition task is completed, it will be integrated with the original project that is associated. After the task is integrated with the original project, the original project runs normally and the object addition task is automatically released.

## Limitations

* For a data migration project whose migration objects are selected only by using the **Specify Objects** option, you can modify its migration objects.

* For a data migration project in the **Not Started**, **Running**, or **Paused** state, you can add or remove its migration objects.

* For a data migration project in the **Failed** state, you can only remove its migration objects.

* For a data migration project in the **Modifying** or **Integrating** state, you cannot modify its migration objects again. |

* If a data migration project is in the **Paused** or **Failed** state in the **full migration** or **incremental synchronization** step, you can only remove migration objects.

* In the **Reverse Incremental Migration** step of a data migration project, you can only remove its migration objects.

* For a data migration project in the active-active disaster recovery scenario, you cannot add or remove migration objects.

## View migration objects

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target project to go to its details page.

4. Click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner and view information on the **Migration Objects** and **Object Modifications** tabs.

   * The **Migration Objects** tab displays the migration objects of the current project. You can click **Modify Object** and then select **Add Object** or **Remove Objects**.

   * The **Object Modifications** tab displays the IDs, types, status, and occurrence time of all object modifications.

## Add migration projects

1. On the details page of the target project, click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner.

2. In the **View Objects** dialog box, choose **Modify Object** \> **Add Object**.

3. In the **Source Objects** section on the left of the **Add Object** dialog box, select the objects to be migrated and click **>** to add them to the list on the right. You can select tables and views of one or more databases as the migration objects.

   After you select the migration objects to add, you can perform operations such as renaming objects, setting row-based filtering, and viewing column information.

   <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>By default, the added objects will inherit all configurations of the data migration project. If you abort the object addition operation, you must manually delete the objects that have been added to the destination database. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>If you specified the schema name or DB name for the source data source, you can add only the migration objects under the specified schema name or database name. </p>
    </li>
    </ul>
   </main>

4. Then, click **Next**.

5. The system automatically performs a precheck on the added migration objects. After the added migration objects pass all check items, click **Save**.

6. Confirm the information and click **OK** in the dialog box that appears.

   * For a paused or failed data migration project, you can cancel the operation and modify the migration objects again. The added migration objects will be migrated to the destination database only after the data migration project returns to normal.

   * If you add migration objects for a running data migration project, after you click Save, the added migration objects will be immediately migrated to the destination database.

   After the object addition operation begins, records will be generated on the page that appears after you choose **View Objects** > **Object Modifications**. You can view details of the records on this page. The status of object addition records can be **Pending**, **Canceled**, **Modifying**, **Running**, **Aborted**, **Integrating**, **Succeeded**, or **Failed**. The operations that you can perform on an object addition record and the status of the original project vary with the status of the object addition record.

    <main id="notice" type='explain'>
    <h4>Note</h4>
    <p>If the original data synchronization project is in the <strong>Not Started</strong> state, a modification record in the <strong>Successful</strong> state will be generated for an object addition operation. If the original data synchronization project is in the <strong>Paused</strong> state, a modification record in the <strong>Pending</strong> state will be generated for an object addition operation. </p>
    </main>

   The status of an object addition record changes only when the original data synchronization project is in the Running state, and the status of the original project changes along with the status of the object addition record. The following table describes more information.

   | **Status of an object addition record** | **Supported operations** | **Status of the original project** |
   |---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
   | Pending | View details and cancel. | Running |
   | Canceled | N/A | Running |
   | Modifying | N/A | Modifying |
   | Running | View details and abort. | Modifying |
   | Aborted | View details. | Running |
   | Integrating | View details. | Integrating |
   | Succeeded | View details. | Running |
   | Failed | View details and retry.<br>You can also click **View Cause** to go to the details page of the project and view the cause of the failure.  | Modifying/Integrating |

## Remove migration objects

1. On the details page of the target project, click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner.

2. In the **View Objects** dialog box, choose **Modify Object** \> **Remove Objects**.

3. In the **Remove Objects** dialog box, move the pointer over a migration object that you want to remove in the **Destination Object** section on the right and click **Remove**.

4. In the **Remove Objects** dialog box, click **Remove**.

5. In the confirmation dialog box that appears, confirm the migration object to remove and click **OK**.

   If the project is in the paused, failed, or running state, after you click OK, the migration object is immediately removed from the destination database.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>A removed migration object cannot be recovered, so proceed with caution. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>The final result of the object removal operation is either succeeded or failed for all migration objects. </p>
    </li>
    </ul>
    </main>

   After the object removal operation begins, records will be generated on the page displayed after you choose **View Objects** \> **Object Modifications**. You can view the details of the records on this page. The status of object removal records can be **Pending**, **Canceled**, **Modifying, Succeeded**, or **Failed**. The operations that you can perform on an object removal record and the status of the original project vary with the status of the object removal record.

   | **Status of an object removal record** | **Supported operations** | **Status of the original project** |
   |---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
   | Pending | View details and cancel. | Running |
   | Canceled | N/A | Running |
   | Modifying | N/A | Modifying |
   | Succeeded | View details. | Running |
   | Failed | View details and retry.<br>You can also click **View Cause** to go to the details page of the project and view the cause of the failure.  | Modifying |
