# Download and import settings of migration objects

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to download the settings of migration objects in a data migration project and supports automatic configuration and verification of object settings based on imported CSV files. This allows you to promptly save project settings and configure multiple migration projects at a time. This feature is suitable for renaming and setting hundreds of objects at a time.

## Download object configuration

After you create a data migration project by specifying migration objects, you can download the settings of the objects.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the project whose object settings you want to download.

4. On the details page of the project, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner, and then choose **Download Project Configuration** from the drop-down list.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>If you set the migration object selection mode to <strong>Match Rules</strong> for a migration project, you cannot download the object settings of the project. </p>
    </main>

## Import object settings

OMS Community Edition allows you to rename databases and tables and set row filter conditions by importing CSV files. You can download a template CSV file, modify it as needed, and then import it.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>If you edit the object information in an Excel file, separate the columns with commas (,), save the file as a CSV file, and then import the CSV file. </p>
  </main>

The imported CSV file must contain the following columns: source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, column mapping, and row filter condition.

1. Create a data migration project.

   1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

   2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

   3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Create Migration Project** in the upper-right corner.

2. Create a migration project based on your business needs. On the **Select Migration Objects** page, select **Specify Objects**. In the right-side list of the **Specify Migration Scope** section, click **Import Objects** in the upper-right corner.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You can import objects only after you select the <strong>Specify Objects</strong> mode. </p>
    </main>

   The specific procedure of creating a data migration project depends on the source and destination nodes you select. For more information, see Create a data migration project.

3. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

4. Click **Import CSV File** in the lower part of the **Import Objects** dialog box, and select a local CSV file to import it.

   You can also click **Download CSV Template** in the lower part of the dialog box to download the template. Then, configure the settings in the template as needed and click **Import CSV File** to import the migration objects.

5. Edit the CSV file as needed.

    <main id="notice" type='explain'>
    <h4>Note</h4>
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>You can edit the CSV file manually or by using an SQL script. You can also click <strong>Download Project Configuration</strong> on the details page of the project to generate a CSV file. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>You can enter names of databases or tables in the destination database to establish a mapping between the source and destination. </p>
    </li>
    </ul>
    </main>

6. Click **Validate** to check whether the source objects exist and whether the row filter conditions are correct. If the verification succeeds, the number of verified tables and views is displayed.

7. Click **OK** to return to the **Select Migration Objects** step of the data migration project.

8. Complete subsequent project settings as prompted.
