# Release and delete a data migration project

If a data migration project is no longer required, you can pause and release it. After a data migration project is released, you can delete the project to release resources.

## Release a data migration project

After you release a data migration project, OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition terminates the project. This operation is irreversible. Proceed with caution. However, OMS Community Edition does not delete the project. You can view details about the project or create similar data migration projects based on the project.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You can release a data migration project in the <strong>Paused</strong>, <strong>Failed</strong>, or <strong>Completed</strong> state. </p>
  </main>

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Migration Projects** page, click **More** in the Actions column of the target project and then select **Release** from the drop-down list.

   You can also click the project name to go to the details page. Then, click **More** in the upper-right corner and select **Release** from the drop-down list.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Delete a data migration project

After you delete a data migration project, data of the project cannot be recovered. Proceed with caution.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You can delete a data migration project in the <strong>Not Started</strong> or <strong>Released</strong> state. </p>
  </main>

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Migration Projects** page, click **Delete** in the Actions column of the target project.

   You can also click the project name to go to the details page, and click **Delete** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, enter the project name to confirm the operation.

5. Click **Delete**.
