# O&M operations for the Supervisor component

This topic describes the general O&M operations for the Supervisor component.

## View the Supervisor component

You can go to the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) container and run the following command to view the status of the Supervisor component:

```bash
supervisorctl status oms_drc_supervisor
```

The following table describes different states of the Supervisor component.

| **State** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| `STARTING` | Supervisor is being started. |
| `RUNNING` | Supervisor is running. |
| `STOPPED` | Supervisor is stopped. |

If the Supervisor component stays in the `STARTING` state for a long time, check the `supervisord.log` file for the startup status of the Supervisor component. If the logs show that the Supervisor component restarts repeatedly, the possible causes are as follows:

1. The configuration file fails to be loaded.

2. Time series database (TSDB) monitoring is enabled but the TSDB cannot be connected.

Check whether the configuration file in the `/home/ds/supervisor/config/` directory has been modified. If not, make sure that the TSDB can be connected.

If the problem persists, identify the cause by using the logs. Determine the location of Supervisor logs based on the `logging.path` option in the `drc.properties` file in the `/home/ds/supervisor/config/` directory. Generally, Supervisor logs of the Enterprise Edition are stored in `/home/admin/logs/supervisor/`.

## Stop the Supervisor component

You can go to the OMS container and run the following command to stop the Supervisor component:

```bash
supervisorctl stop oms_drc_supervisor
```

## Start the Supervisor component

You can go to the OMS container and run the following command to start the Supervisor component:

```bash
supervisorctl start oms_drc_supervisor
```

## Restart the Supervisor component

You can go to the OMS container and run the following command to restart the Supervisor component:

```bash
supervisorctl restart oms_drc_supervisor
```
