# Create a project to migrate data from OceanBase database Community Edition to a MySQL database 

This topic describes how to use OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition to migrate data from OceanBase database Community Edition to a MySQL database. 

## Background information 

You can create a data migration project in the OMS Community Edition console to migrate the existing business data and incremental data from a MySQL tenant of OceanBase database Community Edition to a MySQL database through schema migration, full migration, and incremental migration. 

The MySQL database supports the following modes: primary database only, standby database only, and primary/standby databases. The following table describes the data migration operations supported by each mode. 


|           Mode            |                 Supported operations             |
|---------------------------|----------------------------------|
| Primary database only     | Schema migration, full migration, incremental migration, full verification, and reverse incremental migration         |
| Standby database only     | A MySQL database in standby database only mode cannot serve as the destination for data migration.                             |
| Primary/standby databases | Primary database: schema migration, full migration, incremental migration, and reverse incremental migration Standby database: full verification **Note**  When a data source in primary/standby databases mode is selected, OMS Community Edition uses the standby database as the primary node for full verification. |

## Prerequisites

You have created dedicated database users in the source MySQL tenant of OceanBase database Community Edition and the destination MySQL database for data migration and granted the corresponding privileges to the users.

## Limits 

Data migration only places a copy of the data (schema) from the source database to the destination database. The data (schema) of the source database is not affected. Before migration, OMS Community Edition automatically runs precheck on the source and destination databases. To ensure the smooth implementation of the precheck, verify the following information:

* MySQL 5.6, 5.7, and 8.0 are supported.

* OMS Community Edition allows you to migrate only tables with primary keys.

* Chinese characters are not allowed for the name of the table to be migrated and column names.

## Create a data migration project

1. Create a migration link. 

   1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.
   
   2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration** .
   
   3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Create Migration Project** in the upper-right corner.

2. On the **Select the source and the destination** page, specify the fields. 


   |         Field          |         Description              |
   |------------------------|------------------------|
   | Migration Project Name | The name must not exceed 64 characters in length and can contain Chinese characters, digits, and letters.                                                                                                                                                                 |
   | Tag                    | Click the field and select a tag from the drop-down list. You can also click **Manage Tags** to create, modify, or delete tags.      
    |
   | Source Node            | If you have created MySQL tenants in OceanBase  database Community Edition as data sources, select one from the drop-down list. Otherwise, click **Add Data Source** in the drop-down list, and add a data source in the dialog box on the right.  |
   | Destination Node       | If you have created MySQL data sources, select one from the drop-down list. Otherwise, click **Add Data Source** in the drop-down list, and add a data source in the dialog box on the right.            |

3. Click **Next**.

4. On the **Select migration types and objects** page, specify **Migration Type** for the migration project. 

   Migration types include **Schema Migration**, **Full Migration**, **Incremental Migration**, **Full Verification**, and **Reverse Incremental Migration**. If the MySQL tenant of OceanBase database Community Edition is not bound to an OCP cluster, you cannot select **Incremental Migration**. 

5. On the **Select migration types and objects** page, select the migration objects. 

   Select **Specified object**, select the objects to be migrated on the left, and click **\>** to add them to the list on the right. You can select tables and views of one or more databases for migration. 

     >**Notice**
     >
     >* Chinese characters are not allowed for the name of the table to be migrated and column names.
     >* If the database or table name contains a double dollar sign ($$), you cannot create the migration project.

     When you migrate data from a MySQL tenant of OceanBase database Community Edition to a MySQL database, OMS Community Edition allows you to import objects through text, rename object names, and remove one or all objects to be migrated. 
     
      |      Action       |         Steps    |
      |-------------------|-----------------|
      | Import Objects    | <ol><li> In the list on the right of the **Data Table** section, click **Import Objects** in the upper-right corner.<li>In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.  <br>**Notice:**  This operation will overwrite previous selections. Proceed with caution. <li>In the **Import Migration Object** dialog box, enter the objects to be migrated.  <br>We recommend that you migrate no more than 10,000 objects at a time.<li>Click **Validate**.  <li>After the validation succeeds, click **OK**. </ol>    |
      | Rename            | <ol><li>In the list on the right of the **Data Table** section, move the pointer over the target object. <li>Click **Rename**.<li>Enter a new name and click **OK**.</ol>   |
      | Remove/Remove All | OMS Community Edition allows you to remove one or all migration objects.  <ul><li>Remove a single migration object In the list on the right of the **Data Table** section, move the pointer over the target object, and click **Remove** . The migration object is removed. <li>Remove all migration objects In the list on the right of the **Data Table** section, click **Remove All** in the upper-right corner. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK** to remove all migration objects. </ul>     |

6. Click **Next**. On the **Migration Options** page, specify the fields. 
   
   <table>
   <tr>
   <td><b>Category </td>
   <td><b>Field </td>
   <td><b>Description </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td rowspan="3">Basic Settings</td>
   <td>Concurrency for Full Migration</td>
   <td>The value can be <b>Smooth</b>, <b>Normal</b>, or <b>Fast</b>. Full data migration tasks with different performance settings consume different resources. <br>You can also modify the configurations of the specific Checker to customize the concurrency.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td>Full Verification Concurrency   </td>
   <td>The value can be <b>Smooth</b>, <b>Normal</b>, or <b>Fast</b>. Different quantities of resources of the source and destination databases are consumed at different concurrencies.  <br>You can also modify the configurations of the specific Checker to customize the concurrency. </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td>Incremental Record Retention Time</td>
   <td> The duration that incremental parsed files are cached in OMS Community Edition. A longer retention period indicates more disk space occupied by the Store component of OMS Community Edition. </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td rowspan="2">Advanced Settings</td>
   <td>Whether to Allow Destination Table to Be Not Empty During Full Migration</td>
   <td>When a non-empty destination table is allowed for full migration, full verification runs based on the `in` condition and does not need to be removed. </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td>Whether to Allow Post-indexing </td>
   <td>You can specify whether to allow post-indexing after full migration is completed. Post-indexing can shorten the time of full migration. <br><b>Notice:</b>  To enable this feature, select both <b>Schema Migration</b> and <b>Full Migration</b> on the <b>Select migration types and objects</b> page.</td>
   </tr>
   </table>

7. Click **Precheck** to start precheck on the data migration project. 

   During the precheck, OMS Community Edition checks whether the database user has the read and write privileges and whether the network connections of the databases meet the requirements. A data migration project can be started only after it passes all check items. 
   
   If the precheck fails, identify the cause, fix the problem, and run the precheck again until it succeeds. You can modify the system configurations to skip a precheck item.
   

8.  Click **Start Task** to start tasks of the project such as schema migration and full migration. 

   If you do not want to immediately start the project, click **Save** to go to the details page of the data migration project. You can start the project later as needed. 

## Start a data migration project

You can start a data migration project only after it passes all check items. For any failed check items, fix the problem manually and check again. After the data migration project starts, run the selected migration types in sequence: 

1. Schema migration

   You can view the migration progress of tables and views and perform the following operations on the target object:

   * **View Creation Syntax** : View table creation syntax and modify index creation syntax. 

     Fully compatible syntax executed on the OBServer is displayed. Incompatible syntax is converted before it is displayed.
   
   * **Retry** / **Retry All Failed Objects** : Retry failed schema migration tasks one by one or retry all failed tasks at a time.
   
   * **Skip** / **Batch Skip** : Skip failed schema migration tasks one by one or skip multiple failed tasks at a time. To skip multiple objects at a time, click **Batch Skip** in the upper-right corner. When you skip an object, its index is also skipped.

   * **Remove** / **Batch Remove** : Remove failed schema migration tasks one by one or remove multiple failed tasks at a time. To remove multiple failed tasks at a time, click **Batch Remove** in the upper-right corner. When you remove an object, its index is also removed.

2. Full migration

   The migration of the existing data from tables in the source database to corresponding tables in the OceanBase database Community Edition. You can view table objects and table indexes on the **Full Migration** page. The status of the full migration changes to Completed only after migration of the table objects and table indexes is completed. On the **Table Indexes** page, you can click **View Creation Syntax** next to the target table object to view its index creation syntax. 

   You can combine full migration with incremental migration to ensure data consistency between the source and destination databases. If any objects failed to be migrated during a full migration, the causes of the failure are displayed. 

   Full data migration inherits the database and table mapping rules that were configured when the project was created. 

3. Incremental migration

   The migration of changed data of the source database to the corresponding table in OceanBase database Community Edition. Data changes include data addition, modification, and deletion. 

   When services are continuously writing data to the source database, OMS Community Edition starts the incremental data pull module to pull incremental data from the source instance, parses and encapsulates the incremental data, and then stores the data in OMS Community Edition, before it starts the full data migration. 

   After a full data migration task is completed, OMS Community Edition starts the incremental data replay module to pull incremental data from the incremental data pull module. The incremental data is synchronized to the destination instance after being filtered, mapped, and converted. 

   In the incremental migration section, you can view the performance information of the incremental migration task, such as the migration latency, synchronization timestamp, and migration traffic. 

   When a data migration project is in the **Paused** or **Failed** state, you can modify **Current Timestamp** . When you modify the timestamp for incremental migration, you cannot select a timestamp later than the current time, and the modification may cause data duplication or loss. Proceed with caution.

4. Full verification

   After the full data migration and incremental data migration are completed, OMS Community Edition automatically initiates a full data verification task to verify the data tables in the source database and the tables in the destination database. 

   OMS Community Edition also provides corresponding APIs for you to initiate custom data verification tasks in the incremental data synchronization process. 

   You can view the information of specific columns where inconsistent data is detected. OMS Community Edition runs SQL scripts to correct the data in the destination database based on the data in the source database. The correction operation is not supported if the source database has no corresponding data. 

   OMS Community Edition allows you to skip full verification for migration tasks in the **Executing** state. On the **Full Verification** page, click **Skip Full Verification**. In the dialog box that appears, click **Yes**. 

   After full verification is completed, click **Go To Next Stage**. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**. 

   >**Notice**
   >
   >After you enter the switchover process, you cannot re-check the current verification task for data comparison and correction.

5. Forward switchover

   1. Start forward switchover

      In this step, the migration does not stop. You only confirm the switchover process that is about to start. To start the forward switchover task, click **Start Forward Switchover**. 

      >**Notice**
      >
      >Before you start a forward switchover task, make sure that the writing status of the source data source is either Stopping or Stopped.
   
   2. Perform switchover precheck

      Check whether the current project status supports switchover. The precheck involves the following steps:

      * Check the synchronization latency: If the synchronization latency is within 15 seconds after incremental synchronization is started, the switchover passes this check item. If incremental synchronization is not started, the switchover automatically passes this check item.
              
      * Check the user write privilege on the source side.

      If the switchover passes the precheck, the system automatically performs the next step. If the switchover fails the precheck, the system shows the error details. 

      In this case, you can **Retry/Skip** the precheck. 

      After you click **Skip**, you need to click **Skip** again in the dialog box that appears.
   
   3. Start the destination Store

      Start incremental data pulling in the destination database. Create and start a destination Store. If the start fails, you can choose to click **Retry** or **Skip**.
      
   4. Confirm that writing is stopped in the source database

      In the **Confirm writing stopped on the source side** section, click **OK** . You need to ensure that no incremental data is generated from the source database.
   
   5. Confirm the writing stop timestamp upon synchronization completion

      OMS Community Edition automatically checks whether the source and destination databases are synchronized to the same timestamp. After the check is completed, the latency and timestamp of the incremental synchronization are displayed.
   
   6. Stop forward synchronization

      Stop the JDBCWriter from the source database to the destination database. If the forward synchronization fails to be stopped, you can choose to click **Retry** or **Skip**.
      
   7. Process database objects

      In this step, database objects are migrated, additional objects are deleted, and database objects that are not migrated are added. 

      You need to click **Run** to execute the database objects. For a running project, you can click **View Logs** or **Skip**. For projects that have been processed, you need to click **Mark as Complete**. After all projects have been marked as completed, proceed to the next step.
      
   
   8. Start reverse incremental migration

      In the **Start Reverse Incremental Migration** section, click **Start Reverse Incremental Migration** to start the JDBCWriter from the destination database to the source database. Wait until the **Successfully started reverse increment** message appears.

6. After reverse incremental migration is started, click the **Reverse Incremental Migration** tab to view detailed information such as **Start Time** and **Reverse Synchronization Performance**. 

   Performance metrics of reverse incremental migration:

   * Latency: The time consumed to synchronize changed incremental data from the destination database to the source database in the unit of seconds.
   
   * Migration traffic: The traffic throughput of incremental data synchronization from the destination database to the source database in the unit of MB/s.