# Create a column

This topic describes the supported conversion scope of CREATE TABLE DDL operations for creating columns during data migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

## Syntax

```sql
create_definition:
    col_name column_definition

column_definition: {
    data_type [NOT NULL | NULL] [DEFAULT {literal | (expr)} ]
      [VISIBLE | INVISIBLE]
      [AUTO_INCREMENT] [UNIQUE [KEY]] [[PRIMARY] KEY]
      [COMMENT 'string']
      [COLLATE collation_name]
      [COLUMN_FORMAT {FIXED | DYNAMIC | DEFAULT}]
      [ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE [=] 'string']
      [SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE [=] 'string']
      [STORAGE {DISK | MEMORY}]
      [reference_definition]
      [check_constraint_definition]
  | data_type
      [COLLATE collation_name]
      [GENERATED ALWAYS] AS (expr)
      [VIRTUAL | STORED] [NOT NULL | NULL]
      [VISIBLE | INVISIBLE]
      [UNIQUE [KEY]] [[PRIMARY] KEY]
      [COMMENT 'string']
      [reference_definition]
      [check_constraint_definition]
}
```

## Supported operations

* Convert the data types. For more information about supported data types, see [Data type conversion](../300.data-type-conversion.md).

* Specify the NULL or NOT NULL attribute.

* Specify the DEFAULT attribute, which can be a constant or a function.

* Specify the VISIBLE or INVISIBLE attribute.

* Specify AUTO_INCREMENT.

* Specify COMMENT.

* Specify COLLATE.

* Specify a generated column and specify the VIRTUAL or STORED attribute for the column.

* Specify the UNIQUE KEY, PRIMARY KEY, or KEY attribute. For more information, see [Create an index or a constraint](../200.create-table/300.create-table-index.md).

* Specify the CHECK constraint. For more information, see [Create an index or a constraint](../200.create-table/300.create-table-index.md).

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You can specify the CHECK constraint only in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database V3.2.3 or later. </p>
  </main>

* Specify foreign keys. For more information, see [Create an index or a constraint](../200.create-table/300.create-table-index.md).

## Ignored clauses and options

  <main id="notice" type='explain'>
    <h4>Note</h4>
    <p>The following clauses and options will be ignored and will not be resolved or converted when they are specified in the synchronized DDL statements. </p>
  </main>

* COLUMN_FORMAT

* ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE

* SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE

* STORAGE

## Limitations

  <main id="notice" type='alert'>
    <h4>Warning</h4>
    <p>Due to the limitations of a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the synchronized DDL statements are converted and executed in a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios. </p>
  </main>

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support specifying certain functions or expressions in the DEFAULT attribute.

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support specifying certain functions or expressions in generated columns.

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support specifying the UNIQUE KEY, PRIMARY KEY, or KEY attribute for certain field types.

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support certain collations.
