# Create an index or a constraint

This topic describes the supported conversion scope of CREATE TABLE DDL operations for creating indexes or constraints during data migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

## Syntax

```sql
create_definition: {
    col_name column_definition
  | {INDEX | KEY} [index_name] [index_type] (key_part,...)
      [index_option] ...
  | {FULLTEXT | SPATIAL} [INDEX | KEY] [index_name] (key_part,...)
      [index_option] ...
  | [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] PRIMARY KEY
      [index_type] (key_part,...)
      [index_option] ...
  | [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] UNIQUE [INDEX | KEY]
      [index_name] [index_type] (key_part,...)
      [index_option] ...
  | [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] FOREIGN KEY
      [index_name] (col_name,...)
      reference_definition
  | check_constraint_definition
}

key_part: {col_name [(length)] | (expr)} [ASC | DESC]

index_type:
    USING {BTREE | HASH}

index_option: {
    KEY_BLOCK_SIZE [=] value
  | index_type
  | WITH PARSER parser_name
  | COMMENT 'string'
  | {VISIBLE | INVISIBLE}
  |ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE [=] 'string'
  |SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE [=] 'string'
}

check_constraint_definition:
    [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] CHECK (expr) [[NOT] ENFORCED]

reference_definition:
    REFERENCES tbl_name (key_part,...)
      [MATCH FULL | MATCH PARTIAL | MATCH SIMPLE]
      [ON DELETE reference_option]
      [ON UPDATE reference_option]

reference_option:
    RESTRICT | CASCADE | SET NULL | NO ACTION | SET DEFAULT
```

## Supported operations

* Create primary keys.

* Create unique keys.

* Create indexes or keys.

* Create foreign keys.

   Create foreign keys on fields, functions, or expressions. Specify the ON [DELETE | UPDATE] RESTRICT | CASCADE | NO ACTION | SET DEFAULT attribute.

* Create full-text indexes.

* Create CHECK constraints in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database V3.2.3 and later.

* Create prefixed indexes.

* Specify the ASC or DESC keyword.

## Unsupported operations

  <main id="notice" type='alert'>
    <h4>Warning</h4>
    <p>If a DDL statement to be synchronized contains the following unsupported definitions, the conversion will fail and the output will be an empty string. </p>
  </main>

* Create the following types of indexes with functional key parts: PRIMARY KEY, UNIQUE KEY, INDEX/KEY, and FULLTEXT INDEX. (You can create these indexes only on fields.)

   Primary key, unique key, index, key, or full-text index definitions that contain functions or expressions. Examples:

   ```sql
   CREATE TABLE functional_index_t1 (col1 INT, PRIMARY KEY (col1, (ABS(col1))));
   CREATE TABLE functional_index_t1(x VARCHAR(30), INDEX idx ((CAST(x->>'$.name' AS CHAR(30)))));
   ```

* Create spatial indexes.

* Specify the ON [DELETE | UPDATE] SET NULL attribute for foreign keys.

## Ignored clauses and options

  <main id="notice" type='explain'>
    <h4>Note</h4>
    <p>The following clauses and options will be ignored and will not be resolved or converted when they are specified in the synchronized DDL statements. </p>
  </main>

* USING BTREE or USING HASH

* KEY_BLOCK_SIZE, index_type, WITH PARSER, COMMENT, VISIBLE | INVISIBLE, ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE, or SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE in index_option

* [NOT] ENFORCED for CHECK constraints

* MATCH FULL | MATCH PARTIAL | MATCH SIMPLE for foreign keys

## Limitations

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>Due to the limitations of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the synchronized DDL statements are converted and executed in a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios. </p>
  </main>

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database cannot create the following types of constraints on specific types of fields: PRIMARY KEY, UNIQUE KEY, INDEX/KEY, FULLTEXT INDEX, and FOREIGN KEY.

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support specifying certain functions or expressions in CHECK constraints.

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support specifying certain functions or expressions in FOREIGN KEY constraints.
