# What is OMS Community Edition?

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition is a service that supports data interaction between OceanBase Database and homogeneous or heterogeneous databases. It supports online data migration and real-time synchronization of incremental data. 

OMS Community Edition provides a visualized and centralized management platform. You can migrate data in real time with simple configurations. OMS Community Edition aims to help you achieve real-time data migration and synchronization from homogeneous or heterogeneous databases to OceanBase Database at a low cost and low risk. 

OMS Community Edition has the following benefits:

* Support for multiple sources

  OMS Community Edition supports data transfer between OceanBase Database and multiple data terminals, such as MySQL, Kafka and RocketMQ. The features that OMS Community Edition provides can be different depending on the types of source and destination terminals.

* Real-time data migration without interrupting or affecting applications

  You can use OMS Community Edition to seamlessly migrate data to OceanBase Database without interrupting your application. After the application is migrated to OceanBase Database, all the changed data in OceanBase Database is synchronized to the original source database in real time. 

  OMS Community Edition minimizes the risks of business migration and helps enterprise users build data architectures with high availability and reliability.
  
* One-stop interaction
  
  OMS Community Edition allows you to manage data migration throughout its whole lifecycle. You can create, configure, and monitor data migration tasks on the visual management page.

* High-performance, secure, and reliable data migration

  OMS Community Edition replicates large amounts of data between heterogeneous IT infrastructures in real time with millisecond-level latency. Therefore, OMS Community Edition can be applied to multiple scenarios, such as data migration, emergency systems, real-time data synchronization, database upgrade and migration. 

  OMS Community Edition allows you to migrate and synchronize data without affecting or interrupting your business applications. It also ensures data integrity and transaction consistency.
  
* Multiple data consistency checks
  
  OMS Community Edition provides multiple data consistency checks to ensure data quality. It displays differences in data to help you fix errors.