# Product updates

This topic describes the major changes and features of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition V3.3.1-CE.

## New data migration/data synchronization features

* Support migrating data from a TiDB database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

* Support migrating data from a MySQL 5.5 database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

* Allows you to import or export the source and destination database objects, as well as corresponding row and column filtering information, through CSV files.

* Starting from this version, OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition supports data synchronization for OceanBase Community Edition to achieve active-active disaster recovery in the same city or different cities. In general, the source and destination databases are located in different regions in active-active disaster recovery scenarios. To better support cross-region data migration and synchronization, OMS Community Edition supports cross-regional deployment.

   OMS Community Edition automatically starts components on the nearest resource node based on the actual scenario. This achieves data synchronization with high efficiency and low latency.

* Starting from this version, OMS Community Edition supports efficient and flexible configuration of migration objects. The blacklist and whitelist are supported for you to quickly select migration objects in a batch when you create a data migration project.

* Starting from this version, OMS Community Edition supports the synchronization of incremental DDL statements. OMS Community Edition automatically synchronizes DDL modifications to the destination without requesting your confirmation on starting or stopping the migration link. This feature is supported for all databases that are supported by OMS Community Edition.

## Data source management

Adds the Configurl, drc_user, drc_password, and __oceanbase_inner_drc_user (user for migrating tables without primary keys) options for OceanBase physical data sources. These updates can reduce dependency on OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP) and make deployment easier with higher security.

## Feature upgrades

* Adds the estimated data volume and completed data volume parameters in full migration and full verification to help you estimate the completion time.

* Adds the performance data such as records per second (RPS), traffic, and performance benchmark in full migration and full verification to help you identify performance issues.

* A full verification support the option of Verify Inconsistent Objects, which improves the overall verification efficiency.

* The information about OMS Community Edition migration latency is displayed in the following format: X seconds (updated Y seconds ago). Normally, Y is less than 20.
