# What's new

This topic describes the features of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) V3.4.0.

## Rich data migration and synchronization features

* Migrating and synchronizing data from a PostgreSQL 10.x database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database are supported.

* Migrating and synchronizing data tables without unique keys from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database are supported.

* Automatically creating a database that does not exist in the destination database is supported when you migrate data from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

* Monitoring the execution time of SQL statements in the full migration step is supported to help you effectively identify performance-related issues.

* Monitoring the execution time of SQL statements and the statistics of incremental data in the incremental synchronization and reverse incremental migration steps is supported to show the project performance and track changed objects.

* Adding and removing tables are supported to make the O&M of the product easier.

* Enterprise-level operation audit is supported to track user operations. This improves product security.

* Importing partitioned tables into an OceanBase database by partition is supported. This improves the full migration performance in an all-around manner and reduces the overall migration time.

## Feature upgrades

* The verification code mechanism is provided to improve security.

* You can skip the precheck and forward switchover steps.

* You can skip unsupported DDL statements with one click. This simplifies user operations and improves product usability.

* Automatically clearing virtual columns that are manually created in the forward switchover step is supported. This simplifies subsequent operations.

* You can enable force character set conversion when the character set of the source or destination database is not supported.

* The project monitoring and alerting logic is optimized to ensure that projects can be monitored in special scenarios.

* Table processing failures that occur in the schema migration, full migration, or full verification step do not affect the migration project.
