# Overview

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) supports users with different roles and allows you to control permissions of different roles and avoid risks such as data breach.

The left-side navigation pane of the console of OMS provides the following modules: **Overview**, **Data Migration**, **Data Synchronization**, **Data Source Management**, **OPS & Monitoring**, and **System Management**. Supported user roles include ROOT, ROOT-VIEWER, ADMIN, ADMIN-VIEWER, and USER.

## ROOT

The root user generated by the system has the ROOT role and cannot be deleted. This user is equivalent to a system administrator and has read and write permissions on the entire system.

* The root user can create users with the ROOT-VIEWER, ADMIN, ADMIN-VIEWER, or USER role.

* The root user can access and operate all modules of the console of OMS, such as **Overview**, **Data Migration**, **Data Synchronization**, **Data Source Management**, **OPS & Monitoring**, and **System Management**.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > In the left-side navigation pane of the **System Management** page, the first module **Permission Management** provides the **User Management** and **Department Management** options. For more information, see [Manage users](../100.permission-management/200.user-management.md) and [Manage departments](../100.permission-management/300.department-management.md).

## ROOT-VIEWER

Users with the ROOT-VIEWER role are created by the root user and have read-only permissions of a system administrator.

## ADMIN

An admin user generated by the system has the ADMIN role and cannot be deleted.

* This user is equivalent to a department administrator and has the permissions to create users with the ADMIN-VIEWER, or USER role under the department.

* An admin user can access and operate all modules of the console of OMS, such as **Overview**, **Data Migration**, **Data Synchronization**, **Data Source Management**, **OPS & Monitoring**, and **System Management**.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > In the left-side navigation pane of the **System Management** page, the first module is **User Management**.

* An admin user manages all projects in the department, including projects created by other users with the ADMIN role in the department. However, the admin user of a department cannot manage projects of other departments.

## ADMIN-VIEWER

Users with the ADMIN-VIEWER role have read-only permissions of a department administrator, including:

* Read-only permission on all modules of the console of OMS, such as **Overview**, **Data Migration**, **Data Synchronization**, **Data Source Management**, **OPS & Monitoring**, and **System Management**.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > In the left-side navigation pane of the **System Management** page, the first module is **User Management**.

* Read-only permission on projects created by all users in the department

## USER

Users with the USER role are created by the root user or users with the ADMIN role. A user with the USER role is equivalent to an employee of a department of an organization and can handle only transactions owned by the user.

* A user with the USER role has the permissions to view only the projects, data sources, and O&M tickets created by the user.

* The projects created by the USER role can be viewed by the ADMIN and ADMIN-VIEWER roles of the department.

* The left-side navigation pane of the **System Management** page does not display the **User Management** option.
