Configure matching rules for migration objects 
===================================================================

This topic describes the background information and limits of matching rules for migration objects and how to configure matching rules when you create a data migration project. 

Background information 
-------------------------------------------

In OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) V3.2.0 and earlier versions, you must specify the migration objects when you create a data migration project. When you use a DDL operation supported by OMS to create a table in the source database, if the table is excluded from the migration object rule of the data migration project, data of the table is not synchronized. 

If you select **DDL for Schema Change** when you create a data migration project, you must configure the migration objects based on wildcard rules. Examples:

* Migration object rule: db.\*

  

* Object exclusion rule: db.t_\*

  




The preceding configurations synchronize all tables whose names do not start with t_\* in the database. When you create a table in the source database after configuring the migration object rule and object exclusion rule, OMS can synchronize data of the table in real time, provided that the table name matches the migration object rule but not the object exclusion rule. 

OMS allows you to configure migration object rules and object exclusion rules for all types of data migration projects and apply them to all stages of project execution. You can update the migration object rule and object exclusion rule of a data migration project only before it is started. 

When you create a data migration project, the wildcard-based migration object rule and object exclusion rule allow you to perform the following operations:

* Specify the migration objects by using wildcard rules.

  

* Edit and verify matching rules, and preview matched objects.

  

* Preview the changes of objects based on the matching rules of the previous wildcard rule.

  

* Configure database name mappings, table name mappings, and ETL rules for data based on wildcard rules.

  




Limits 
---------------------------

* Migration object rules are required for tables.

  

* If multiple source schemas are mapped to one destination schema, reverse incremental synchronization is not supported.

  

* If multiple tables are aggregated, reverse incremental synchronization is not supported.

  

* If filtering by DML operation is enabled, full verification is not supported.

  

* DDL operations are not allowed in the source database during an interval between schema migration and full migration.

  

* You can specify table formats in the migration object rule and object exclusion rule, but the DDL operations cannot be synchronized.

  

* You cannot change a table name that matches the object exclusion rule to a name that does not match the object exclusion rule by using a DDL operation.

  

* If you use gh-ost to synchronize DDL operations for incremental migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database, set **Object Exclusion Rule** to `{database_name}.*_ghc`.

  




Configure matching rules 
---------------------------------------------

1. Create a migration project. 

   1. Log on to the OMS console.

      
   
   2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration** .

      
   
   3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Create Migration Project** in the upper-right corner.

      
   

   

2. On the **Select the source and the destination** page, specify the fields. For more information, see the topics that describe how to create different types of data migration projects. 

   

   |         Field          |                                                                                                                    Description                                                                                                                     |
   |------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   | Migration Project Name | The name must not exceed 64 characters in length and can contain Chinese characters, digits, and letters.                                                                                                                                          |
   | Tag                    | Click the field and select a tag from the drop-down list. You can also click Manage Tags to create, modify, or delete tags. For more information, see [Manage data migration projects by using tags](/en-US/5.user-guide/5.data-migration-1/6.migration-project-management/6.manage-project-tags.md). |
   | Source Node            | Select a source data source.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
   | Destination Node       | Select a destination data source.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

   

3. Click **Next** . On the **Select migration types and objects** page, specify the fields. 

   1. Specify **Migration Type** for the migration project based on your business needs.

      
   
   2. Select the migration objects. 

      You can select the migration objects in one of the following two ways: **Specified object** and **Matching rules** . This topic describes how to configure matching rules. 
      1. Select **Matching rules** .

         
      
      2. In the **Select Migration Range** section, specify **Migration Object Rule** and **Object Exclusion Rule** (Optional). 

         **Notice**

         

         If you use gh-ost to synchronize DDL operations for incremental migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database, **Object Exclusion Rule** is required. Set it to `{database_name}.*_ghc`.

         After you configure the migration object rule and object exclusion rule, you can view the objects to be migrated and the matching results on the right. The matching results list the final objects, new objects, and removed objects. The migration object rule and object exclusion rule are applied to both tables and views. You can also click **Rename** or **Settings** on the **Final Object** tab. For more information, see Rename migration objects and set ETL options.
         
      
      3. Click **Verify and Preview Objects** .

         
      

      
   
   3. After the verification succeeds, click **Next** .

      
   
   4. On the **Migration Options** page, specify the fields.

      
   
   5. Click **Precheck** to start precheck on the data migration project.

      
   
   6. Click **Start Task** to start tasks of the project such as schema migration and full migration.

      
   

   




Rename migration objects and set ETL options 
-----------------------------------------------------------------

### Rename a migration object 

1. On the **Final Object** tab, move the pointer over the target object.

   

2. Click **Rename** and enter a new name.

   

3. Click **OK** .

   




### Set ETL options for a migration object 

1. On the **Final Object** tab, move the pointer over the target object.

   

2. Click **Settings** .

   

3. In the **ETL Options** dialog box, enter a `WHERE` clause of a standard SQL statement to configure row filtering. 

   Only the data meeting the `WHERE` condition is synchronized to the destination data source, thereby filtering data by row.
   

4. Click **OK** .

   



