# Go to the overview page

The Overview page of the OPS & Monitoring module in the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console displays the CPU utilization, memory usage, disk usage, and quantity of servers, and the running status and quantities of the Store, Incr-Sync, Full-Import, and Full-Verification components.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Overview**.

3. On the **Overview** page, view the number of servers, CPU utilization, memory, and disk usage, and the status and numbers of components in the region.

   If your business system is deployed in multiple regions, you can click the tab of a region to view its details.

   The **Overview** page displays the status of the components corresponding to all OMS Community Edition data migration and synchronization tasks in the region. This helps you perform routine O&M and task monitoring operations. You can view information about the components in the following sections:

   * **View resource usage**

      This section displays server resource utilization such as the CPU, memory, and disk usage, and the total number of servers in the current region. The memory and disk usage is measured in GB.

      You can learn about the resource usage of servers in the current region by analyzing the preceding information. You can also view the top 5 IP addresses with the highest CPU utilization, memory usage, or disk usage, and the remaining disk space.

   * **Store**

      This section displays the total number of stores in the region, and the quantities of stores that are respectively in the **Running**, **Stopped**, and **Abnormal** state. To troubleshoot an abnormal store component, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Store** in the left-side navigation pane.

      We recommend that you clear abnormal stores as soon as possible. For more information about the store component, see [View details of a store](400.components/100.store/200.view-details-of-a-store.md).

   * **Incr-Sync**

      This section displays the total number of Incr-Sync components in the region, and the quantities of Incr-Sync components that are respectively in the **Running**, **Stopped**, and **Abnormal** state. To troubleshoot an abnormal Incr-Sync component, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Incr-Sync** in the left-side navigation pane.

      We recommend that you clear abnormal Incr-Sync components as soon as possible. For more information about the Incr-Sync component, see [View details of an Incr-Sync component](400.components/200.incr-sync/100.view-details-of-a-incr-sync.md).

   * **Full-Import**

      This section displays the total number of Full-Import components in the region, and the quantities of Full-Import components that are respectively in the **Running**, **Stopped**, **Abnormal**, and **Completed** state. To troubleshoot an abnormal Full-Import component, choose **OPS & Monitoring** \> **Component** \> **Full-Import**in the left-side navigation pane. For more information about the Full-Import component, see [View details of a Full-Import component](400.components/300.full-import/100.view-details-of-a-full-import.md).

   * **Full-Verification**

      This section displays the total number of Full-Verification components in the region, and the quantities of Full-Verification components that are respectively in the **Running**, **Completed**, **Stopped**, and **Abnormal** state. To troubleshoot an abnormal Full-Verification component, choose **OPS & Monitoring** \> **Component** \> **Full-Verification**in the left-side navigation pane. For more information about the Full-Verification component, see [View details of a Full-Verification component](400.components/400.full-verify/100.view-the-information-about-a-full-verify.md).
