# Overview

This topic describes the background and restrictions for upgrading to OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) V3.4.0.

## Background

OMS V3.2.1 and later support rollback during the upgrade. We recommend that you use a backup tool to back up the existing database, such as db_oms, to an SQL file such as db_oms_bak.sql before starting the upgrade. The new OMS image will run on the original db_oms database, and the database backup file such as db_oms_bak.sql can be used for rollback.

> **Note**
>
> If you do not have a handy backup tool, contact OMS Technical Support for the documentation related to backup operations. In general, you can use mysqldump to export backup files.

Note that the port for accessing the console of OMS V2.1.0 is 80, which is changed to 8089 starting from OMS V2.2.0. Therefore, you must change the port number after you upgrade from OMS V2.1.0 to V3.2.1.

For example, if you access the OMS console by using `http://ip_address:80` before the upgrade, you must access the OMS console by using `http://ip_address:8089` after the upgrade.

Perform the following operations to upgrade OMS:

1. If high availability (HA) is enabled, disable it first.

2. Back up the databases.

3. Start the container of OMS V3.4.0.

   The name of the MetaDB for the container of OMS V3.4.0 must be the same as that of the previous MetaDB. In addition, the three disk mounting paths must be the same as those before the upgrade.

4. On the **System Parameters** page, enable HA, and configure the parameters.

5. Optional. Perform the rollback operation as needed.

## Restrictions

* If you use OMS of a version earlier than V3.2.1, you must upgrade it first to V3.2.1.

* Before you start the upgrade, make sure that data is synchronized in quasi-real-time between the source and destination in data migration and synchronization projects created by using the earlier version of OMS, and that forward switchover of the projects is completed. We do not recommend that you use the new version of OMS to perform the forward switchover.

* Before you upgrade OMS V3.2.1 or V3.2.2, if DDL synchronization is involved, you need to add the `dbType` parameter for the connector component. Otherwise, the data synchronization projects cannot run. You must fix the issue after the upgrade. For more information, see [What do I do to resolve compatibility issues when I upgrade OMS V3.2.1 or V3.2.2 to V3.4.0?](../13.upgrade-guide/4.faq.md).

   > **Notice**
   >
   > If you use OMS V3.3.0 and it contains data synchronization projects created by using OMS V3.2.1 or V3.2.2, the preceding issue may occur. You can fix it by using the same methods.
   >
   > You can check whether the `dbType` or `db_type` parameter exists in the Source configuration file of the connector component. If any of the two parameters exists, no fix is required.

   Procedure:

   1. Log on to the OMS console.

   2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Connector**.

   3. On the **Connector** tab, click **Update** in the Actions column of the target connector.

   4. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, hover the pointer over the blank area on the right side of the **source** field and click **+** to add the `dbType` parameter.

   5. After the configuration is completed, click **Update**.

   If only one type of source database exists on the host, you can perform the following operations:

   1. On the **Connector** tab, click **Batch O&M** in the upper-right corner.

   2. In the **Batch O&M** dialog box, click **Update**.

   3. After you select **IP** and specify the IP address, hover the pointer over the blank area on the right side of the **source** field in the **Configurations** section and click **+** to add the `dbType` parameter.

   4. After the configuration is completed, click **Submit**.
