# Start and pause a JDBCWriter

JDBCWriter is an OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) component that writes incremental data to the destination database during incremental data migration. The JDBCWriters page of the OMS monitoring module provides common JDBCWriter O\&M operations. You can pause a JDBCWriter for troubleshooting, and start it again after the problem is fixed.

## Start a JDBCWriter

If you want to run a JDBCWriter in the **Stopped** state, manually start it. By default, a JDBCWriter is started in the region where the destination data source is located. When you start a JDBCWriter, you can set a timestamp from which data is pulled.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components**.

3. On the **Components** page, click the **JDBCWriter** tab.

4. On the **JDBCWriter** page, search for the JDBCWriter that you want to start by its name or server IP address. You can also perform a fuzzy search by migration project name or ID.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **JDBCWriter**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter JDBCWriters by region and start the JDBCWriters that are not running in the corresponding region.

5. Click **Start** in the Actions column of the JDBCWriter that you want to start.

6. In the **Start** dialog box, set **Whether to Replay Data**.

   * **Yes**: Data is to be pulled.

     You must specify **Timestamp**. After you confirm the startup, the JDBCWriter starts after it updates the timestamp, to ensure that the data received by the destination database is the incremental data generated since that timestamp. If the corresponding store does not contain incremental data generated since this timestamp, an error will be reported.

     Data pulling applies only to JDBCWriters for incremental data synchronization. Otherwise, an error is returned.

   * **No**: Data is not to be pulled. The JDBCWriter directly starts after you confirm the startup.

7. Click **Start**.

## Pause a JDBCWriter

If a running JDBCWriter encounters an exception such as high latency during operation, we recommend that you pause the JDBCWriter and fix the problem.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components**.

3. On the **Components** page, click the **JDBCWriter** tab.

4. On the **JDBCWriter** page, search for the JDBCWriter that you want to pause by its name or server IP address. You can also perform a fuzzy search by migration project name or ID.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **JDBCWriter**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter JDBCWriters by region and pause running JDBCWriters in the corresponding region.

5. Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the JDBCWriter that you want to pause.

6. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
