# View details of a data synchronization project

After you start a data synchronization project, you can go to its details page to view its basic information, synchronization details, component monitoring, and synchronization objects.

## Access the details page

1. Log on to the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. Click the name of the data synchronization project whose details you want to view to go to the details page.

   On the details page, you can view the basic information, synchronization details, synchronization objects, and component monitoring of the project.

## View basic information

The **Basic Info** section displays the basic information of the current data synchronization project.

|          **Parameter**          |          **Description**             |
|---------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| ID                              | The unique ID of the data synchronization project.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Project Type                    | The type of the data synchronization project.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Synchronization Type            | The synchronization type of the data synchronization project. For example, **Incremental Data Synchronization DML:UPDATE,DELETE,INSERT** indicates incremental data synchronization in which the `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, and `INSERT` DML changes are to be synchronized.                                                                          |
| Alert level                     | The alert level of the data synchronization project. OMS Community Edition supports the following alert levels: **No Protection** , **High Protection** , **Medium Protection** , and **Low Protection** . For more information, see [Alert settings](../../7.system-management/2.alert-center/3.alert-settings.md). |
| Created By                      | The user who created the data synchronization project.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Created At                      | The time when the data synchronization project was created.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Source and Destination          | The source and destination databases of the data synchronization project.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Synchronization Start Timestamp | The synchronization start timestamp specified when the data synchronization project was created.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

## View synchronization details

In the **Synchronization Details** section, you can view information about **Schema Synchronization**, **Incremental Synchronization Log Pull**, **Full Synchronization**, and **Incremental Synchronization**. Schema synchronization creates a topic. After the schema synchronization is completed, you can query the new topic.

The **Incremental Synchronization** section displays the latency and the current timestamp of the data synchronization project. Based on this information, you can learn the running status and performance of the data synchronization project.

The **Incremental Synchronization Performance** section displays the latency and traffic of incremental data synchronization in real time. You can view changes in synchronization performance by period or in real time.

**Synchronization Latency** displays the status and latency of the Store, Writer, and Connector components. **Synchronization Traffic** displays the TPS and IOPS of the JDBCWriter component. In the upper-right corner of the **Incremental Synchronization Performance** section, you can filter synchronized incremental data by **Last 1 Hour**, **Last 24 Hours**, **Last 7 Days**, or a custom period of time.

## View and modify synchronization objects

On the details page of the data synchronization project, click **View Synchronization Objects** in the upper-right corner to view synchronization objects of the project.

When you synchronize data from OceanBase Database to a RocketMQ or Kafka instance, you can modify the synchronization objects of a paused data synchronization project.

1. Pause the data synchronization project.

   If the project has been paused, skip this step.
   1. On the details page of the project whose objects you want to modify, click **Pause** in the upper-right corner.

   2. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

2. On the details page of the project, click **View Synchronization Objects** in the upper-right corner.

3. In the **View Synchronization Objects** dialog box, click **Modify Synchronization Objects** in the lower-right corner.

4. In the **Modify Synchronization Objects** dialog box, add or remove the objects as needed.

   You can also move the pointer over the object that you want to modify in the **Destination Objects** list, and change the topic or set ETL options.

5. Click **OK**.

## View the component monitoring metrics

On the details page of the data synchronization project, click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner. You can view the information about the Store and Connector components.

* You can view the **ID**, **Earliest Timestamp**, **Current Timestamp**, and **Status** of the **Store** component. You can perform the following operations:

  * Start the component: Click **Start** in the Actions column of the component that you want to start. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  * Pause the component: Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the component that you want to pause. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  * Update the component: click **Update** next to the component you want to update. On the **Update Configuration** page, modify the configurations and click **Update**.

    **Notice**

    The system restarts after you update the component. Proceed with caution.

  * View logs: Click the **More** icon for the component and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list. The **View Logs** page displays the latest logs. Archived logs will not be displayed. You can search for, download, and copy the logs.

  * Destroy the component: If the component is in the **Error** or **Stopped** state, click the **More** icon for the component and choose **Destroy** from the drop-down list. In the dialog box that appears, enter **delete** to confirm the operation and click **Delete** .

* You can view the **ID**, **Current Checkpoint**, **Latency**, and **Status** of the **Connector** component. You can perform the following operations:

  * Start the component: Click Start for the component. In the dialog box that appears, specify **Whether to Replay Data** and click **Start** .

  * Pause the component: Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the component that you want to pause. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  * Update the component: click **Update** next to the component you want to update. On the **Update Configuration** page, modify the configurations and click **Update**.

    **Notice**

    The system restarts after you update the component. Proceed with caution.

  * View logs: Click the **More** icon for the component and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list. The **View Logs** page displays the latest logs. Archived logs will not be displayed. You can search for, download, and copy the logs.

  * Delete the component: Click the **More** icon for the component and choose **Delete** from the drop-down list. In the dialog box that appears, enter **delete** to confirm the operation and click **Delete**.

## View parameters

On the details page of the data synchronization project, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner and choose **View Parameter Configurations** from the drop-down list. On the page that appears, you can view the configuration parameters specified when the data synchronization project was created.
