# Start, pause, and resume a data synchronization project

This topic describes how to start, pause, or resume a data synchronization project.

## Start a data synchronization project

If you have created a data synchronization project but did not start it after it passed the precheck, you can find the project in the list of synchronization projects and start it.

1. Log on to the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization** .

3. On the **Synchronization Projects** page, click **Start** in the Actions column of the project that you want to start.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Synchronization** page to go to the details page, and click **Start** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Pause a data synchronization project

You can pause a data synchronization project only when it is in the **Running** state. After the data synchronization project is paused, OMS pauses the scheduling of the synchronization task link, and the latency increases in real time.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization** .

3. On the **Synchronization Projects** page, click **Pause** in the Actions column of the data synchronization project that you want to pause.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Synchronization** page to go to the details page, and click **Pause** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK** .

## Resume a data synchronization project

You can manually resume a data synchronization project that is in the **Paused** or **Failed** state. After you resume the project, OMS continues to schedule the data synchronization links and reduces the synchronization latency as soon as possible.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Synchronization Projects** page, click **Restore** in the Actions column of the data synchronization project that you want to resume.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Synchronization** page to go to the details page, and click **Restore** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
