# Update the configurations of a store

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to view and update the configurations of a specified store. When you update the configurations, the current configurations of the store are displayed by default. You can view or modify the configurations of the store.

## Limits

* OMS allows you to update the configurations of a running, stopped, or abnormal store.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > Store configurations are usually updated in optimization or emergency scenarios. Exercise caution when you perform this operation.

* If the new configurations are incorrect, the store may run abnormally and the corresponding data migration project may fail. If you must update the store configurations, contact Technical Support.

* After you update the configurations of a store, the system will restart the store for the update to take effect. Proceed with caution.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. The **Store** tab automatically appears.

3. On the **Store** tab, click **Update** in the **Actions** column of the target store.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Store**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter stores by region and update the configurations of stores in the target region.

4. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, hover the pointer over the parameter to be modified and click the edit icon that appears. For more information, see [Store parameters](../../5.description-of-component-parameters/1.store-parameters/1.mysql-store.md).

5. Modify the value in the text box and then click the confirm icon.

6. Click **Update**.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > The updated configurations are synchronized to the topic by default and will be used in subsequent store startups.

   For example, a data migration project has N stores, where N is greater than or equal to 1. If you update the configurations of one of the stores, the execution follows the following logic, and the configurations of other stores remain unchanged:

   1. The configurations of the store are updated.

   2. The configurations of the subtopics corresponding to the store are updated.
