# Start and pause a store

If the store corresponding to a data migration project fails, you can pause the store for troubleshooting and then restart the store. You can also stop and restart the store when an operational error occurs.

## Start a store

1. Log on to the console of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. The **Store** tab automatically appears.

3. On the **Store** page, click **Start** in the **Actions** column of the target store. The target store must be in the **Abnormal** or **Stopped** state.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Store**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter stores by region and start the stores that are not running in the target region.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Pause a store

> **Notice:**
>
> Pausing a store may interrupt the data synchronization project and data migration project. Proceed with caution.

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. The **Store** tab automatically appears.

3. On the **Store** tab, click **Pause** in the **Actions** column of the target store. The target store must be in the **Running** state.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Store**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter stores by region and pause the stores that are not running in the target region.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
