# Deployment type

This topic describes the precautions and methods for deploying OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition of the current version.

## Deploy OMS Community Edition on a single node

OMS Community Edition deployed on a single node can provide all OMS Community Edition features. If you do not need to use a high-availability environment, you can deploy OMS Community Edition on a single node. For more information, see [Deploy OMS Community Edition on a single node](../4.deployment-guide/5.deploy-oms-on-a-single-node.md).

## Deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in a single region

You can deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes to achieve high availability (HA). In the HA deployment architecture, each OMS Community Edition node provides all OMS Community Edition features, and the backend task framework implements distributed scheduling based on the database. When an OMS Community Edition node becomes unavailable, the framework automatically schedules tasks to other available OMS Community Edition nodes. OMS Community Edition also supports the deployment on multiple nodes in a single region. For more information, see [Deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in a single region](../4.deployment-guide/6.deploy-oms-on-multiple-nodes-in-a-single-region.md).

**Note:**

HA does not enable the automatic restoration of the checker.

We recommend that you apply multi-node deployment in the production environment.

## Deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in multiple regions

OMS Community Edition supports multi-region deployment. You can deploy OMS across multiple regions. For more information, see [Deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in multiple regions](../4.deployment-guide/7.deploy-oms-on-multiple-nodes-in-multiple-regions.md).

## Precautions

* If you use OMS Community Edition to collect and display historical monitoring data, you need to deploy an InfluxDB database. For more information, see [Deploy a time-series database](../4.deployment-guide/10.deploy-a-time-series-database.md)

* By default, HA is disabled in OMS Community Edition. To enable HA, you can go to the OMS Community Edition console, find the `ha.config` parameter, and set the `enable` parameter to `true`. For more information, see [Modify HA configurations](../10.system-management/4.system-parameters/2.modify-ha-configurations.md).
