# Resource configuration specifications

This topic describes the resource configuration specifications of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS).

## Standard resource specifications for basic services and database management

| Resource type/Component | Basic service | Database management | Total |
|---------|------|------|------|
| CPU | 1 core | 4 cores | 5 cores |
| Memory | 1 GB | 7 GB | 8 GB |
| Disk | 100 GB | 100 GB | 200 GB |

## Data migration and synchronization between databases

The following table shows standard resource specifications of OMS components for the data migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

| Resource type/Component | Store | JDBCWriter | Checker | Total |
|---------|----------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------------|
| CPU | 4 cores | 2 cores | 2 cores | 8 cores |
| Memory | 8 GB | 8 GB | 4 GB | 20 GB |
| Disk | Depending on the generation speed of incremental logs at the database and the retention period of incremental data in OMS | 5 GB | 5 GB | >10 GB |

## Data synchronization between a database and a big data source

Stores are reused within an OceanBase cluster in OMS earlier than V2.1.0 and within an OceanBase Database tenant in OMS V2.1.0 and later. You do no need to add additional stores for databases or tables that belong to one OceanBase cluster. However, you need to add connectors for multiple synchronization links. In the case of large transactions, connectors are extended as required.

The following table shows standard resource specifications of OMS components for the data migration from an OceanBase database to a Kafka instance.

| Resource type/Component | Store | Connector | Total |
|---------|----------------------------------|-----------|----------------------|
| CPU | 4 cores | 2 cores | 6 cores |
| Memory | 8 GB | 4 GB | 12 GB |
| Disk | Depending on the generation speed of incremental logs at the database and the retention period of incremental data in OMS | 5 GB | >5 GB |

## Resource specifications

* Components for full operations

   A data migration link consists of the incremental synchronization components Store and JDBCWriter, the full migration component Checker-Full, and the full verification component Checker-Verify. During data migration, the processes of Checker-Full and Checker-Verify do not coexist. Therefore, only one of them is taken into account in the estimation of resource consumption.

* Disk estimation

   Most disk resources of OMS are used to cache incremental logs in OMS. Incremental data can be pulled and then migrated.

   If 1 TB of logs are archived per day, OMS parses less than 1 TB of business data. Therefore, we recommend that you set the OMS log cache capacity to 1 TB.
