# Deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in multiple regions

This topic describes how to deploy OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition on multiple nodes in multiple regions by using deployment tools.

## Background

As more users apply OMS Community Edition in data migration, OMS Community Edition must adapt to increasingly diverse scenarios. In addition to single-region data migration and data synchronization, OMS Community Edition supports data synchronization across regions, data migration between IDCs in different regions, and active-active data synchronization.

You can deploy OMS Community Edition on one or more nodes in each region. OMS Community Edition can be deployed on multiple nodes in a region to build an environment with high availability. In this way, OMS Community Edition can start components on appropriate nodes based on the tasks.

For example, if you want to synchronize data from Region Hangzhou to Region Heilongjiang, OMS Community Edition starts stores on a node in Region Hangzhou to collect the incremental logs and starts writers on a node in Region Heilongjiang to synchronize the data.

Notes:

* You can deploy OMS Community Edition on a single node first and scale out to multiple nodes. For more information, see [Scale-out and deployment](../4.deployment-guide/8.scale-out-oms.md).

* To deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes, you must apply for a virtual IP address (VIP) and use it as the mount point for the OMS Community Edition console. In addition, you must configure the mapping rules of Ports 8088 and 8089 in the VIP network strategy.

   You can use the VIP to access the OMS Community Edition console even if an OMS Community Edition node fails.

## Prerequisites

* The installation environment meets the system requirements. For more information, see [System and network requirements](../4.deployment-guide/2.system-requirements.md).

* The MetaDB cluster is prepared as the OMS Community Edition MetaDB.

* The OMS Community Edition installation package is obtained. Generally, the package is a `tar.gz` file whose name starts with `oms`.

* Make sure that the server to deploy OMS Community Edition can connect to all other servers.

* The downloaded OMS Community Edition image file has been loaded to the local image repository of the Docker container on each server node.

   `docker load -i <Storage path of the OMS Community Edition image>`

   In this example, the name of the loaded image file is `OMS_IMAGE`. You need to replace it with the actual name of your image file.

* Make sure that all servers involved in the multi-node deployment can connect to each other and that you can obtain root permissions on a node by using its username and password.

## Deploy OMS Community Edition without the configuration file

1. Log on to the server where OMS Community Edition is to be deployed.

2. Optional. Deploy a time-series database.

   If you need to collect and display OMS Community Edition monitoring data, deploy a time-series database. Otherwise, you can skip this step. For more information, see [Deploy a time-series database](../4.deployment-guide/10.deploy-a-time-series-database.md).

3. Run the following command to obtain the deployment script from the loaded image:

   ```shell
   sudo docker run -d --name oms-config-tool <OMS_IMAGE> bash && sudo docker cp oms-config-tool:/root/docker_remote_deploy.sh . && sudo docker rm -f oms-config-tool
   ```

4. Use the deployment script to start the deployment tool.

   ```shell
   sh docker_remote_deploy.sh -o <deploy_tool_workdir> -i <IP address of the server> -d <OMS_IMAGE>
   ```

5. Follow the prompts to complete the deployment. After you set each parameter, press **Enter** to move on to the next parameter.

   1. Select the deployment mode.

      Select **Multiple Regions**.

   2. Select the task.

      Select **No Configuration File. Deploy OMS Starting from Configuration File Generation**.

   3. Specify the following MetaDB information:

      1. IP address of the MetaDB

      2. Port number of the MetaDB

      3. Username used to connect to the MetaDB

      4. Password used to connect to the MetaDB

      5. Prefix for names of databases in the MetaDB

         For example, if you set the prefix to `oms`, the final database names are `oms_rm`, `oms_cm`, and `oms_cm_hb`.

   4. Confirm your settings.

      If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   5. If the system displays "**The specified database names already exist in the metadatabase. Are you sure that you want to continue?**",  it indicates that the database names you specified already exist in the MetaDB. This may be caused by repeated deployment or upgrade of OMS Community Edition. You can enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed, or enter `n` and press **Enter** to re-specify the settings.

   6. Perform the following operations to configure the OMS Community Edition cluster settings:

      1. Enter the region ID, for example: `cn-hangzhou`.

      2. Specify the URL of the Cluster Manager (CM) service, which is the virtual IP address (VIP) or domain name to which all CM servers in the region are mounted. The original parameter is `cm-url`.

          You can separately specify the IP address and port number in the URL, or use a colon (:) to join the IP address and port number in the `<IP address>:<port number>` format.

         > **Note:**
         >
         > The `http://` prefix in the URL is optional.

      3. Enter the IP addresses of all servers in the region. Separate them with commas (,).

      4. Specify whether to preferentially access the current region.

         In the multi-region deployment mode, you must set this parameter to `true` for at least one region. If yes, enter `y` and press **Enter**. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter**.

      5. Confirm the displayed settings of the OMS Community Edition cluster.

         If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   7. Confirm whether to enable OMS Community Edition historical data monitoring.

      * If you have deployed a time-series database, enter `y` and press **Enter** to go to the next step to configure the time-series database and enable the monitoring of OMS Community Edition historical data.

      * If you did not deploy a time-series database, enter `n` and press **Enter** to go to the step of "determining whether to enable the audit log feature and setting Simple Log Service (SLS) parameters". In this case, OMS Community Edition does not monitor the historical data after deployment.

   8. Configure the time-series database.

      Perform the following operations:

      1. Confirm whether you have deployed a time-series database.

          If yes, enter `y` and press **Enter**. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter** to go to the step of "determining whether to enable the audit log feature and setting SLS parameters".

      2. Set the type of the time-series database to `INFLUXDB`.

         > **Notice:**
         >
         > At present, only INFLUXDB is supported.

      3. Enter the URL of the time-series database.

         You can separately enter the IP address and port number in the URL, or use a colon (:) to join the IP address and port number in the `<IP address>:<port number>` format.

      4. Enter the username used to connect to the time-series database.

      5. Enter the password used to connect to the time-series database.

      6. Confirm whether the displayed settings are correct.

         If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   9. Determine whether to enable the audit log feature and set SLS parameters.

      To enable the audit log feature, enter `y` and press **Enter** to go to the next step to specify the SLS parameters.

      To start deployment on each node, enter `n` and press **Enter** to go to the step of "starting the deployment on each node one after another". In this case, OMS Community Edition does not audit the logs after deployment.

   10. Specify the following SLS parameters:

       1. URL of SLS

       2. access-key used to access SLS

       3. secret-key used to access SLS

       4. user-site-topic of SLS

       5. ops-site-topic of SLS

       6. Confirm whether the displayed settings are correct.

         If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   11. Start the deployment on each node one after another.

   12. Perform the following operations to specify additional information that is required for the deployment on a node:

       1. Enter the username used to connect to the server.

       2. Enter the password used to connect to the server.

       3. Specify the path of the `config.yaml` file, which must end with a slash (/).

       4. Specify the root directory to which the OMS Community Edition container is mounted in the host.

          Use a directory with a large capacity.

       5. Confirm whether the OMS Community Edition image file can be named as `OMS_IMAGE`.

          If yes, enter `y` and press **Enter**. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter**.

       6. Confirm whether to install an Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate for the OMS container.

         If yes, enter `y`, press **Enter**, and specify the `https_key` and `https_crt` directories as prompted. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter**.

   13. Go back to the step of "starting the deployment on each node one after another", until the deployment is completed on all nodes in the current region.

   14. Confirm whether to deploy OMS Community Edition in a new region.

       After the deployment is completed, the system displays "OMS has been deployed in Regions `[<Region ID 1>,<Region ID 2>…]`. Do you want to deploy OMS Community Edition in a new region?"

       If yes, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter** to end the deployment process.

   15. A message is displayed, showing the names and IDs of existing regions, to help you avoid using an existing name or ID for a new region.

   16. Repeat the step of "performing the following operations to configure the OMS Community Edition cluster settings" to the step of "going back to the step of 'starting the deployment on each node one after another', until the deployment is completed on all nodes in the current region". Then, end the process.

## Deploy OMS Community Edition with the configuration file available

1. Log on to the server where OMS Community Edition is to be deployed.

2. Optional. Deploy a time-series database.

   If you need to collect and display OMS Community Edition monitoring data, deploy a time-series database. Otherwise, you can skip this step. For more information, see [Deploy a time-series database](../4.deployment-guide/10.deploy-a-time-series-database.md).

3. Run the following command to obtain the deployment script from the loaded image:

   ```shell
   sudo docker run -d --name oms-config-tool <OMS_IMAGE> bash && sudo docker cp oms-config-tool:/root/docker_remote_deploy.sh . && sudo docker rm -f oms-config-tool
   ```

4. Use the deployment script to start the deployment tool.

   ```shell
   sh docker_remote_deploy.sh -o <deploy_tool_workdir> -c <directory of the config.yaml file> -i <IP address of the server> -d <OMS_IMAGE>
   ```

   > **Note:**
   >
   > For more information about settings of the `config.yaml` file, see the "Template and example of the configuration file" section.

5. Follow the prompts to complete the deployment. After you set each parameter, press **Enter** to move on to the next parameter.

   1. Select the deployment mode.

      Select **Multiple Regions**.

   2. Select the task.

      Select **Use Configuration File Uploaded with Script Option [-c]**.

   3. If the system displays "**The specified database names already exist in the metadatabase. Are you sure that you want to continue?**",  it indicates that the database names you specified already exist in the MetaDB. This may be caused by repeated deployment or upgrade of OMS Community Edition. You can enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed, or enter `n` and press **Enter** to re-specify the settings.

   4. If the configuration file passes the check, all the settings are displayed. If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

      If the configuration file fails the check, modify the configuration information as prompted.

   5. Start the deployment on each node one after another.

   6. Perform the following operations to specify additional information that is required for the deployment on a node:

      1. Enter the username used to connect to the server.

      2. Enter the password used to connect to the server.

      3. Specify the path of the `config.yaml` file, which must end with a slash (/).

      4. Specify the root directory to which the OMS Community Edition container is mounted in the host.

         Use a directory with a large capacity.

      5. Confirm whether the OMS Community Edition image file can be named as `OMS_IMAGE`.

         If yes, enter `y` and press **Enter**. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify it.

      6. Confirm whether to install an SSL certificate for the OMS container.

         If yes, enter `y`, press Enter, and specify the `https_key` and `https_crt` directories as prompted. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter**.

   7. Go back to the step of "starting the deployment on each node one after another", until the deployment is completed on all nodes in the current region.

   8. Confirm whether to deploy OMS Community Edition in a new region.

      After the deployment is completed, the system displays "OMS has been deployed in Regions `[<Region ID 1>,<Region ID 2>…]`. Do you want to deploy OMS Community Edition in a new region?"

      If yes, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter** to end the deployment process.

   9. A message is displayed, showing the names and IDs of existing regions, to help you avoid using an existing name or ID for a new region.

   10. Perform the following operation to configure the OMS Community Edition cluster settings:

       Enter the region ID, for example: `cn-hangzhou`.

   11. Confirm whether the displayed settings are correct.

       If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   12. Repeat the step of "starting the deployment on each node one after another" to the step of "confirming whether to deploy OMS Community Edition in a new region", until you have deployed OMS Community Edition in all required regions. Then, end the process.

## Template and example of the configuration file

### Configuration file template

> **Notice:**
>
> * When multiple regions exist, you must set the `cm_is_default` parameter to `true` for only one region, and set it to `false` for all other regions. In addition, you must sequentially run commands in each region.
>
> * To deploy multiple nodes in the Hangzhou region, specify the IP addresses of all nodes for the `cm_nodes` parameter.
>
> * You must replace the sample values of required parameters based on your actual deployment environment. Optional parameters are commented in this example. You can modify the optional parameters or uncomment the parameters as needed.
>
> * In the `config.yaml` file, you must specify the parameters in the key: value format, with a space after the colon (:).

In the following examples of the `config.yaml` file for the multi-node multi-region deployment mode, OMS Community Edition is deployed on two nodes in the Hangzhou and Heilongjiang regions.

* The following example describes a template of the `config.yaml` file for you to deploy OMS Community Edition in the Hangzhou region:

   ```yaml
   # Information about the OMS Community Edition MetaDB
   oms_meta_host: ${oms_meta_host}
   oms_meta_port: ${oms_meta_port}
   oms_meta_user: ${oms_meta_user}
   oms_meta_password: ${oms_meta_password}

   # You can customize the names of the following three databases, which are created in the MetaDB when you deploy OMS Community Edition.
   drc_rm_db: ${drc_rm_db}
   drc_cm_db: ${drc_cm_db}
   drc_cm_heartbeat_db: ${drc_cm_heartbeat_db}

   # The user that consumes the incremental data of OceanBase Database.
   # To read incremental logs of OceanBase Database, create the user in the sys tenant.
   # You must create the drc_user in the sys tenant of the OceanBase cluster to be migrated and specify the drc_user in the config.yaml file.
   drc_user: ${drc_user}
   drc_password: '${drc_password}'

   # Configure the OMS Community Edition cluster in the Hangzhou region.
   # To deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in multiple regions, you must set the cm_url parameter to a VIP or domain name to which all CM servers in the region are mounted.
   cm_url: ${cm_url}
   cm_location: ${cm_location}
   cm_region: ${cm_region}
   cm_is_default: true
   cm_nodes:
    - ${host_ip1}
    -  ${host_ip2}
   # Configurations of the time-series database
   # Default value: false. To enable metric reporting, set the parameter to `true`.
   # tsdb_enabled: false
   # If the `tsdb_enabled` parameter is set to `true`, delete comments for the following parameters and specify the values based on your actual configurations.
   # tsdb_service: 'INFLUXDB'
   # tsdb_url: '${tsdb_url}'
   # tsdb_username: ${tsdb_user}
   # tsdb_password: ${tsdb_password}
   ```

   | Parameter | Description | Required |
   |---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|
   | oms_meta_host | The IP address of the MetaDB, which can be the IP address of a MySQL database or a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.<br>  **Notice:**<br>This parameter is valid only in OceanBase Database V2.0 and later.  | Yes |
   | oms_meta_port | The port number of the MetaDB.  | Yes |
   | oms_meta_user | The username of the MetaDB.  | Yes |
   | oms_meta_password | The user password of the MetaDB.  | Yes |
   | drc_rm_db | The name of the database for the OMS Community Edition console.  | Yes |
   | drc_cm_db | The name of the database for the CM service.  | Yes |
   | drc_cm_heartbeat_db | The name of the heartbeat database for the CM service.  | Yes |
   | drc_user | The user that reads the incremental logs of OceanBase Database. You need to create the user in the sys tenant.  | No |
   | drc_password | The password of the `drc_user` account.  | No |
   | cm_url | The URL of the OMS Community Edition CM service. Example: `http://VIP:8088`.  <br>**Note:**<br>To deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in multiple regions, you must set the `cm_url` parameter to a VIP or domain name to which all CM servers in the region are mounted. We do not recommend that you set it to `http://127.0.0.1:8088`.  <br>The access URL of the OMS console is in the format of `IP address of the host on which OMS is deployed:8089`. Example: `http://xxx.xxx.xxx.1:8089, or https://xxx.xxx.xxx.1:8089`.  Port 8088 is used for program calls, and Port 8089 is used for web page access. You must specify Port 8088.  | Yes |
   | cm_location | The code of the region. Value range: [0,127]. You can select one number for each region.    | Yes |
   | cm_region | The name of the region. Example: cn-hangzhou.  <br>**Notice:**<br>If you use OMS Community Edition with the Alibaba Cloud Multi-Site High Availability (MSHA) service in an active-active disaster recovery scenario, use the region configured for the Alibaba Cloud service.  | Yes |
   | cm_nodes | The IP addresses of servers on which the OMS Community Edition CM service is deployed. In multi-node deployment mode, you must specify multiple IP addresses for the parameter.  | Yes |
   | cm_is_default | Indicates whether the OMS Community Edition CM service is enabled by default.  | No. Default value: `true` |
   | tsdb_service | The type of the time-series database. Valid values: `INFLUXDB` and `CERESDB`.  | No. Default value: `CERESDB` |
   | tsdb_enabled | Indicates whether metric reporting is enabled for monitoring. Valid values: `true` and `false`.  | No. Default value: `false` |
   | tsdb_url | The IP address of the server where InfluxDB is deployed, which needs to be modified based on the actual environment. You need to modify this parameter based on the actual environment if you set the `tsdb_enabled` parameter to `true`.  After the time-series database is deployed, it maps to OMS Community Edition deployed for the whole cluster. This means that although OMS Community Edition is deployed in multiple regions, all regions map to the same time-series database.  | No |
   | tsdb_username | The username used to connect to the time-series database. You need to modify this parameter based on the actual environment if you set the `tsdb_enabled` parameter to `true`.  After you deploy the time-series database, manually create a user and specify the username and password.  | No |
   | tsdb_password | The password used to connect to the time-series database. You need to modify this parameter based on the actual environment if you set the `tsdb_enabled` parameter to `true`.  | No |

* The following example describes a template of the `config.yaml` file for you to deploy OMS Community Edition in the Heilongjiang region:

   The operations are the same as those for deploying OMS Community Edition in the Hangzhou region, except that you must modify the following parameters in the `config.yaml` file: `drc_cm_heartbeat_db`, `cm_url`, `cm_location`, `cm_region`, `cm_is_default`, and `cm_nodes`.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > * When multiple regions exist, you must set the `cm_is_default` parameter to `true` for only one region, and set it to `false` for all other regions.
   >
   > * To deploy multiple nodes in the Heilongjiang region, specify the IP addresses of all nodes for the `cm_nodes` parameter.
   >
   > * You must execute the `docker_init.sh` script on at least one node in each region.

   ```yaml
   # Information about the OMS Community Edition MetaDB
   oms_meta_host: ${meta_ip}
   oms_meta_port: ${meta_port}
   oms_meta_user: ${meta_user}
   oms_meta_password: ${meta_password}

   # You can customize the names of the following three databases, which are created in the MetaDB when you deploy OMS Community Edition .
   drc_rm_db: ${drc_rm_db}
   drc_cm_db: ${drc_cm_db}
   drc_cm_heartbeat_db: ${drc_cm_heartbeat_db}

   # The user that consumes the incremental data of OceanBase Database.
   # To read incremental logs of OceanBase Database, create the user in the sys tenant.
   # You must create the drc_user in the sys tenant of the OceanBase cluster to be migrated and specify the drc_user in the config.yaml file.
   drc_user: ${drc_user}
   drc_password: ${drc_passwrord}

   # Configure the OMS Community Edition cluster in the Heilongjiang region.
   # To deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes in multiple regions, you must set the cm_url parameter to a VIP or domain name to which all CM servers in the region are mounted.
   cm_url: ${cm_url}
   cm_location: ${cm_location}
   cm_region: ${cm_region}
   cm_is_default: false
   cm_nodes:
    - ${host_ip1}
    - ${host_ip2}
   # Configurations of the time-series database
   # tsdb_service: 'INFLUXDB'
   # Default value: false. Set the value based on your actual configuration.
   # tsdb_enabled: false

   # The IP address of the server where InfluxDB is deployed.
   # You need to modify the following parameters based on the actual environment if you set the tsdb_enabled parameter to true.
   # tsdb_url: ${tsdb_url}
   # tsdb_username: ${tsdb_user}
   # tsdb_password: ${tsdb_password}
   ```

### Example

* The following example of the `config.yaml` file shows sample settings when OMS Community Edition is deployed in the Hangzhou region:

   ```yaml
   oms_meta_host: xxx.xxx.xxx.1
   oms_meta_port: 2883
   oms_meta_user: oms_meta_user
   oms_meta_password: *******
   drc_rm_db: oms_rm
   drc_cm_db: oms_cm
   drc_cm_heartbeat_db: oms_cm_heartbeat
   drc_user: drc_user_name
   drc_password: ********
   cm_url: http://VIP:8088
   cm_location: 1
   cm_region: cn-hangzhou
   cm_is_default: true
   cm_nodes:
    - xxx.xxx.xxx.2
    - xxx.xxx.xxx.3
   tsdb_service: 'INFLUXDB'
   tsdb_enabled: true
   tsdb_url: 'xxx.xxx.xxx.5:8086'
   tsdb_username: username
   tsdb_password: ********
   ```

* The following example of the `config.yaml` file shows sample settings when OMS Community Edition is deployed in the Heilongjiang region:

   ```yaml
   oms_meta_host: xxx.xxx.xxx.1
   oms_meta_port: 2883
   oms_meta_user: oms_meta_user
   oms_meta_password: *********
   drc_rm_db: oms_rm
   drc_cm_db: oms_cm
   drc_cm_heartbeat_db: oms_cm_heartbeat_1
   drc_user: drc_user_name
   drc_password: *********
   cm_url: http://xxx.xxx.xxx.6:8088
   cm_location: 2
   cm_region: cn-heilongjiang
   cm_is_default: false
   cm_nodes:
    - xxx.xxx.xxx.6
    - xxx.xxx.xxx.7
   tsdb_service: 'INFLUXDB'
   tsdb_enabled: true
   tsdb_url: 'xxx.xxx.xxx.5:8086'
   tsdb_username: username
   tsdb_password: *********
   ```
