# Overview

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition supports real-time data synchronization between a MySQL tenant of OceanBase database Community Edition and a Kafka, RocketMQ instance. OMS Community Edition is applicable to real-time data warehouse construction, data query, report distribution, and other business scenarios.

## Data synchronization process

To create and manage a data synchronization project, perform the following steps:

1. Prepare for data synchronization.

   Before you use OMS Community Edition to synchronize data, we recommend that you create a dedicated database user for the data synchronization project and grant the required data operation privileges to the user.

2. Add source and destination data sources.

3. Create a data synchronization project.

   Log on to the OMS Community Edition console and complete the required configurations.

4. Optional. View the status, objects, and component monitoring metrics of the data synchronization project.

   1. View details about the data synchronization project.

        You can learn about the status of the data synchronization project based on its synchronization timestamp and latency, which provides reference information for monitoring the synchronization performance.

   2. View the component monitoring metrics.

        You can view the Store Log Pulling Component and Connector Synchronous Write Component on the View Component Monitoring page.

   3. View the synchronization objects.

        You can view the synchronization objects during data synchronization.

5. Optional. Stop and release the data synchronization project.

    If data synchronization is no longer required, you can stop the data synchronization project and release the resources.

## Supported synchronization processes

Data synchronization from the source database to the destination database mainly involves incremental data synchronization, where DML changes are written from the source database to the destination database in real time. OMS Community Edition enables you to synchronize data with a minimum granularity of tables and a maximum granularity of tenants.

OMS Community Edition provides the data synchronization feature and supports the following synchronization processes:

* Synchronize data from OceanBase database Community Edition to a Kafka instance

* Synchronize data from OceanBase database Community Edition to a RocketMQ instance

## Supported synchronization operations

|        Process         | Schema synchronization | Full synchronization | Incremental synchronization | Data verification |
|------------------------|------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------|
| OceanBase -\> Kafka    | Supported              | Supported            | Supported                   | Not supported     |
| OceanBase -\> RocketMQ | N/A                    | Not supported        | Supported                   | Not supported     |
