# Start and pause a connector

The OPS & Monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to stop and start a connector. You can stop a connector for troubleshooting, and the connector can be automatically or manually started after the problem is fixed. 

## Start a connector

You need to manually start a connector in the **Stopped** state in the console of OMS Community Edition. By default, a connector is started in the region where the destination data source is located. When you start a connector, you can set a timestamp from which data is pulled. 

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition. 

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. 

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Connector** tab. 

4. On the **Connector** tab, you can search for the connector that you want to start by connector name, synchronization project name or ID, or server IP address. 

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Connector**. 

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter connectors by region and start the connectors that are not running in the corresponding region. 

5. Click **Start** in the **Actions** column of the target connector. 

6. In the dialog box that appears, set **Whether to Pull Back**. 

   * **Yes**: Data is to be pulled. 

      You must specify **Timestamp**. After you confirm the startup, the connector starts after the timestamp is updated. In this case, the data received by the destination database is incremental data generated since this timestamp. If the corresponding store does not contain incremental data generated since this timestamp, an error will be reported. Data pulling applies only to connectors for incremental data synchronization. Otherwise, an error is returned. 

   * **No**: Data is not to be pulled. The connector directly starts after you confirm the startup. 

7. Click **Start**. 

## Pause a connector

If a connector encounters an exception such as high latency during operation, we recommend that you pause the connector and fix the problem. 

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition. 

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. 

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Connector** tab. 

4. On the **Connector** tab, you can search for the connector that you want to start by connector name, synchronization project name or ID, or server IP address. 

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Connector**. 

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter connectors by region and pause connectors in the corresponding region. 

5. Click **Pause** in the **Actions** column of the target connector. 

6. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**. 
