# Migrate a connector

The OPS & Monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to migrate a connector in high availability scenarios. 

## Limits

* You can migrate a connector in the Stopped or Abnormal state only when multiple servers are available in a high availability scenario. 

* If no node is selected during the migration, the system automatically schedules the connector to a server that has not experienced any performance bottleneck, but not necessarily with the lowest usage. 

* If a node is selected during the migration, the tag and quota of the server can be ignored, but the server must be able to run the connector. 

## Application scenarios

In high availability scenarios, you can migrate connectors in the following cases: 

* A server is replaced, and connectors on the server need to be migrated to a new server. 

* The number of task processes on a heavy-loaded server needs to be reduced for load balancing. 

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition. 

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. 

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Connector** tab. 

4. On the **Connector** tab, you can search for the target connector by connector name, synchronization project name or ID, or server IP address. 

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Connector**. 

   * If the cluster is deployed in multiple regions, you can find the target region in the region column and migrate the connector in the target region. 

5. Click **Migrate** in the **Actions** column of the target connector. 

6. (Optional) In the dialog box that appears, select a node to which you want to migrate the connector. 

7. Click **Migrate**. 
