# Update the configurations of a connector

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to view and update the configurations of a specified connector. When you update the configurations, the current configurations of the connector are displayed by default. You can view or modify the configurations of the connector. 

## Limits

* OMS Community Edition allows you to update the configurations of only a stopped or abnormal connector. 

* After you update the configurations of a connector, the system will restart the connector to apply the updates. Proceed with caution. 

   When a data synchronization project fails, check the configurations of the project first, such as the basic information and user privileges of the source and destination databases. 

* Some connector configurations cannot be modified. If these configurations are modified, errors will be generated in the corresponding ticket. 

* The source address, subtopics, and destination address cannot be modified. 

## Application scenarios

You can update connector configurations in the following scenarios:

* A data synchronization project fails due to incorrect configuration information. 

* A data synchronization project needs to be optimized. 

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition. 

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. 

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Connector** tab. 

4. On the **Connector** tab, you can search for the target connector by connector name, IP address, or data synchronization project. 

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Connector**. 

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter connectors by region and update connectors in the target regions. 

5. Click **Update** in the **Actions** column of the target connector. 

6. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, hover the pointer over the parameter to be modified and click the edit icon that appears. For more information, see [Connector parameters](../../5.description-of-component-parameters/2.connector-parameters/1.rocketmq-destination-parameter-description.md). 

7. Modify the value in the text box and then click the confirm icon. 

8. Click **Update**. 
