# Operations on columns

This topic describes the supported conversion scope of ALTER TABLE DDL operations on columns during data migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

## Syntax

```sql
ALTER TABLE tbl_name
    [alter_option [, alter_option] ...]

alter_option: {
  ADD [COLUMN] col_name column_definition
        [FIRST | AFTER col_name]
  | ADD [COLUMN] (col_name column_definition,...)
  | ALTER [COLUMN] col_name {
        SET DEFAULT {literal | (expr)}
      | SET {VISIBLE | INVISIBLE}
      | DROP DEFAULT
    }
  | CHANGE [COLUMN] old_col_name new_col_name column_definition
        [FIRST | AFTER col_name]
  | DROP [COLUMN] col_name
  | MODIFY [COLUMN] col_name column_definition
        [FIRST | AFTER col_name]
  | ORDER BY col_name [, col_name] ...
  | RENAME COLUMN old_col_name TO new_col_name
}
```

## Supported operations

* Use ADD COLUMN to add one or more columns. For more information about how to define a column, see [Create a column](../200.create-table/200.create-column.md). You can also specify the FIRST | AFTER keyword.

* Use `ALTER COLUMN SET DEFAULT` to modify the default value of a column.

* Use `ALTER COLUMN DROP DEFAULT` to drop the default value of a column.

* Use `CHANGE COLUMN` or `MODIFY COLUMN` to change or modify a column.

* Use `DROP COLUMN` to drop a column.

## Unsupported operations

  <main id="notice" type='alert'>
    <h4>Warning</h4>
    <p>If a DDL statement to be synchronized contains the following unsupported definitions, the conversion will fail and the output will be an empty string. </p>
  </main>

* Use `ALTER COLUMN SET VISIBLE | INVISIBLE` to modify the visibility of a column.

* Use `ORDER BY col_name`.

* Use `RENAME COLUMN` to rename a column.

   ```sql
   ALTER TABLE t RENAME COLUMN d TO g;
   ```

## Ignored clauses and options

  <main id="notice" type='alert'>
    <h4>Warning</h4>
    <p>The following clauses and options will be ignored and will not be resolved or converted when they are specified in the synchronized DDL statements. </p>
  </main>

* FIRST | AFTER attribute (If an ALTER TABLE DDL statement contains the `MODIFY COLUMN` or `CHANGE COLUMN` clause, this attribute will be ignored.)

## Limitations

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>Due to the limitations of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the synchronized DDL statements are converted and executed in a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios. </p>
  </main>

* Using the `MODIFY COLUMN` or `CHANGE COLUMN` clause to modify the field type may fail. This is because certain field types are not supported in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database.

* Using the `MODIFY COLUMN` or `CHANGE COLUMN` statement to modify the field length may fail.

* Using the `ALTER COLUMN SET DEFAULT` statement to set a default value may fail. This is because certain functions or expressions are not supported in MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database.

* You cannot drop columns that are used as primary keys, unique keys, or normal indexes, or columns with FOREIGN KEY constraints.
