# Operations on constraints and indexes

This topic describes the supported conversion scope of ALTER TABLE DDL operations on constraints and indexes during data migration from a MySQL database to a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.

## Syntax

```sql
alter_option: {
   ADD {INDEX | KEY} [index_name]
        [index_type] (key_part,...) [index_option] ...
  | ADD {FULLTEXT | SPATIAL} [INDEX | KEY] [index_name]
        (key_part,...) [index_option] ...
  | ADD [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] PRIMARY KEY
        [index_type] (key_part,...)
        [index_option] ...
  | ADD [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] UNIQUE [INDEX | KEY]
        [index_name] [index_type] (key_part,...)
        [index_option] ...
  | ADD [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] FOREIGN KEY
        [index_name] (col_name,...)
        reference_definition
  | ADD [CONSTRAINT [symbol]] CHECK (expr) [[NOT] ENFORCED]
  | DROP {CHECK | CONSTRAINT} symbol
  | ALTER {CHECK | CONSTRAINT} symbol [NOT] ENFORCED
  | ALTER INDEX index_name {VISIBLE | INVISIBLE}
  | {DISABLE | ENABLE} KEYS
  | DROP {INDEX | KEY} index_name
  | DROP PRIMARY KEY
  | DROP FOREIGN KEY fk_symbol
  | RENAME {INDEX | KEY} old_index_name TO new_index_name
}

key_part: {col_name [(length)] | (expr)} [ASC | DESC]

index_type:
    USING {BTREE | HASH}

index_option: {
    KEY_BLOCK_SIZE [=] value
  | index_type
  | WITH PARSER parser_name
  | COMMENT 'string'
  | {VISIBLE | INVISIBLE}
}
```

## Supported operations

* Use `ADD INDEX | KEY` to create a normal index.

* Use `DROP INDEX` to drop an index.

* Use `ADD FULLTEXT INDEX | KEY` to create a full-text index.

* Use `ADD UNIQUE INDEX | KEY` to create a unique index.

* Use `ADD FOREIGN KEY` to create a foreign key.

* Use `DROP PRIMARY KEY` to drop a PRIMARY KEY constraint.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
  <h4>Notice</h4>
  <p>Only OceanBase Database V4.0.0 and later versions support this operation. </p>
  </main>

## Unsupported operations

  <main id="notice" type='alert'>
    <h4>Warning</h4>
    <p>If a DDL statement to be synchronized contains the following unsupported definitions, the conversion will fail and the output will be an empty string. </p>
  </main>

* Create function-based indexes on UNIQUE KEY, INDEX/KEY, and FULLTEXT INDEX columns. You can create these indexes only on fields.

* Use `ADD SPATIAL INDEX`.

* Use `ADD PRIMARY KEY`.

* Use `ALTER TABLE DISABLE | ENABLE KEYS`.

* Specify the `ON [DELETE | UPDATE] SET NULL` keywords for `FOREIGN KEY` columns.

* In MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database of a version earlier than V3.2.3, you cannot perform the following operations:

  * Use `ADD CHECK`.

  * Use `DROP CHECK`.

  * Use `ALTER CHECK [NOT] ENFORCED`.

  * Use `ALTER INDEX VISIBLE | INVISIBLE`.

  * Use `RENAME INDEX | KEY`.

      ```sql
      ALTER TABLE t rename KEY k TO kk;
      ALTER TABLE T RENAME INDEX b TO w;
      ```

## Ignored clauses and options

  <main id="notice" type='alert'>
    <h4>Warning</h4>
    <p>The following clauses and options will be ignored and will not be resolved or converted when they are specified in the synchronized DDL statements. </p>
  </main>

* `USING BTREE` or `USING HASH`

* `KEY_BLOCK_SIZE`, `index_type`, `WITH PARSER`, `COMMENT`, `VISIBLE | INVISIBLE`, `ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE`, or `SECONDARY_ENGINE_ATTRIBUTE` in `index_option`

* `[NOT] ENFORCED` for CHECK constraints

* `MATCH FULL | MATCH PARTIAL | MATCH SIMPLE` for foreign keys

## Limitations

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>Due to the limitations of MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database, an error may be returned when the synchronized DDL statements are converted and executed in a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database in the following scenarios. </p>
  </main>

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database cannot create the following types of constraints on specific types of fields: PRIMARY KEY, UNIQUE KEY, INDEX/KEY, FULLTEXT INDEX, and FOREIGN KEY.

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support specifying certain functions or expressions in CHECK constraints.

* MySQL tenants of OceanBase Database do not support specifying certain functions or expressions in FOREIGN KEY constraints.
