# View details of a data synchronization project

After you start a data synchronization project, you can go to its details page to view its basic information, synchronization details, component monitoring, and synchronization objects.

## Access the details page

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. Click the name of the data synchronization project whose details you want to view to go to the details page.

   On the **Data Synchronization** page, you can search for data synchronization projects by tag, status, type, and keyword. The status of a data synchronization project can be:

   * **Not Started**: The data synchronization project has not been started. You can click **Start** in the Actions column to start the project.

   * **Running**: The data synchronization project is in progress. You can view the data synchronization plan and current progress on the right.

   * **Modifying**: The synchronization objects of the data synchronization project are being modified.

   * **Integrating**: The data synchronization project is being integrated with the synchronization object modification task.

   * **Paused**: The data synchronization project is manually paused. You can click **Resume** in the Actions column to resume the project.

   * **Failed**: The data synchronization project has failed. You can view where the failure occurred on the right. To view the error messages, click the project name to go to the project details page.

   * **Completed**: The data synchronization project is completed and OMS has synchronized the specified data to the destination database in the configured synchronization mode.

   * **Releasing**: The data synchronization project is being released. You cannot edit a data synchronization project in this state.

   * **Released**: The data synchronization project is released. After the synchronization project is released, OMS terminates the project.

## View basic information

The **Basic Information** section displays the basic information of the current data synchronization project.

| **Parameter** | **Description** |
|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ID | The unique ID of the data synchronization project.  |
| Synchronization Type | The synchronization type specified when the data synchronization project was created.  |
| Alert Level | The alert level of the data synchronization project. OMS supports the following alert levels: **No Protection**, **High Protection**, **Medium Protection**, and **Low Protection**. For more information, see [Alert settings](../../1000.system-management/200.alert-center/300.manage-alert-settings.md).  |
| Created By | The user who created the data synchronization project.  |
| Creation At | The time when the data synchronization project was created.  |
| Incremental Synchronization Start Timestamp | The synchronization start timestamp specified when the data synchronization project was created.  |
| Connection Details | Click **Connection Details** to view information about the connection between the source and destination databases of the data synchronization project.  |

You can perform the following operations:

* View the component monitoring metrics

   Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view information about the Store, Full-Import, and Incr-Sync components.

* View and modify synchronization objects

   Click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner. The synchronization objects of the current data synchronization project are displayed. You can modify the synchronization objects during the running of a synchronization project. For more information, see [View and modify synchronization objects](../1100.manage-a-data-synchronization-projects/200.view-and-modify-objects-to-be-synchronized.md).

* Clone a data synchronization project

   Click **More** in the upper-right corner and select **Clone** from the drop-down list to clone the current data synchronization project. During the cloning process, you can modify the project settings as needed.

* View parameters

   Click **More** in the upper-right corner and select **Settings** from the drop-down list. On the page that appears, you can view the parameters specified when the data synchronization project was created.

* Download object settings

   OMS allows you to download the configuration information of data synchronization projects and import project settings in batches. For more information, see [Download and import the settings of synchronization objects](../1100.manage-a-data-synchronization-projects/400.download-and-import-the-settings-of-synchronization-objects.md).

## View synchronization details

In the **Synchronization Details** section, you can view information about **Schema Synchronization**, **Incremental Synchronization Log Pull**, **Full Synchronization**, and **Incremental Synchronization**.

* **Schema Synchronization**

   Schema synchronization creates a topic. After a schema synchronization project is completed, you can query the new topic.

   On the **Schema Synchronization** page, you can view the status, start time, end time, total duration, and progress of the schema synchronization project.

* **Incremental Synchronization Log Pulling**

   On the **Incremental Synchronization Log Pulling** page, you can view the status, start time, end time, total duration, and progress of log pulling for incremental synchronization.

* **Full Synchronization**

   A full synchronization migrates the existing data in the source database to the destination database. On the **Full Synchronization** page, you can view the status, start time, end time, total duration, and progress of a full synchronization project and the estimated total number of rows, completed number of rows, requests per second (RPS), and real-time traffic.

   On the **Full Synchronization Performance** tab, you can view performance metrics in charts such as source RPS, destination RPS, synchronization traffic at the source and destination databases, average read time and sharding time at the source database, and average write time at the destination database. These metrics can help you identify performance issues effectively.

* **Incremental Synchronization**

   On the **Incremental Synchronization** page, you can view the status, latency, and the current timestamp of the incremental synchronization project. Based on this information, you can learn about the running status and performance of the data synchronization project.

   When you create a data synchronization project, we recommend that you set the alert level and alert frequency to learn about the project running status in time. OMS provides low-level protection by default. You can modify the alert level based on your business requirements. For more information, see [Alert settings](../../1000.system-management/200.alert-center/300.manage-alert-settings.md).

  * When the incremental synchronization latency exceeds the specified alert threshold, the incremental synchronization project remains Running and the system does not trigger any alerts.

  * When the incremental synchronization latency is less than or equal to the specified alert threshold, the incremental synchronization status changes from Running to Monitoring. After the incremental synchronization status changes to Monitoring, it will not change back to Running when the latency exceeds the specified alert threshold.

   The **Incremental Synchronization Performance** section displays the incremental synchronization information in real time. In the upper-right corner of the **Incremental Synchronization Performance** section, you can filter the incremental synchronization data of the last hour, last day, last week, or a custom period to view the changes in the synchronization performance in real time.

   | Parameter | Description |
   |---------|-------|
   | Latency | The latency in synchronizing incremental data from the source database to the destination database, in seconds.  |
   | Synchronization Traffic | When incremental synchronization starts, the traffic may contain full-phase data traffic information.  |
   | Average Write Duration | The average write time during data synchronization.  |
   | RPS | The number of rows written to the destination database per second.  |

## View the component monitoring metrics

On the details page of the data synchronization project, click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view information about the Store, Full-Import, and Incr-Sync components.

* You can view the component ID, earliest pull timestamp, current pull timestamp, and status of the **Store** component. You can perform the following operations:

  * Start a component: Click **Start** in the Actions column of the component that you want to start. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**. You can start only a component in the Stopped, Abnormal, or Unexpected Exit state.

  * Pause a component: Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the component that you want to pause. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  * Update a component: Click **Update** in the Actions column of the component that you want to update. On the **Update Configuration** page, modify the configurations and then click **Update**.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>The system restarts after you update the component. Proceed with caution. </p>
    </main>

  * View logs: Click **View Logs** in the Actions column for the component. The **View Logs** page displays the latest logs. Archived logs will not be displayed. You can search for, download, and copy the logs.

* You can view the component ID, current pull timestamp, latency, and status of the **Incr-Sync** component. You can perform the following operations:

  * Start a component: Click **Start** in the Actions column of the component that you want to start. In the dialog box that appears, select **Whether Reset Synchronization Timestamp** and click **OK**. You can start only a component in the Stopped or Abnormal state.

  * Pause a component: Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the component that you want to pause. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

  * Update a component: Click **Update** in the Actions column of the component that you want to update. On the **Update Configuration** page, modify the configurations and then click **Update**.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>The system restarts after you update the component. Proceed with caution. </p>
    </main>

  * View logs: Click **View Logs** in the Actions column for the component. The **View Logs** page displays the latest logs. Archived logs will not be displayed. You can search for, download, and copy the logs.

  * Delete a component: Click **Delete** in the Actions column of the component that you want to delete. In the dialog box that appears, enter **delete** to confirm your operation and then click **OK**. You can delete only a component in the Stopped or Abnormal state.
