# Download and import the settings of synchronization objects

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) allows you to download the settings of synchronization objects in a data synchronization project and supports automatic configuration and verification of object settings based on imported CSV files. This allows you to save project settings and configure multiple synchronization projects at a time. This feature is suitable for renaming and setting hundreds of objects at a time.

## Requirements for imported objects

* In projects synchronizing data from an OceanBase Database Proxy (ODP) logical table to an OceanBase database in MySQL tenant mode, the CSV files that you want to import must contain the following columns:

   Source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, column mapping, and sharding columns. The sharding columns must be separated by semicolons (`;`).

* In projects other than those synchronizing data from an ODP logical table to an OceanBase Database in MySQL tenant mode, the CSV files to import must contain the following columns:

   Source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, selected columns, column mapping, sharding columns, and row filter conditions. The selected columns and sharding columns must be separated by semicolons (`;`).

## Download object configuration

After you create a data synchronization project that synchronizes data from a data source other than IDB, you can download the settings of the synchronization objects.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You cannot download the object settings of a data synchronization project that synchronizes data from an IDB data source. </p>
  </main>

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click the name of the project whose object settings you want to download.

4. On the details page of the project, click the **More Actions** icon in the upper-right corner, and then choose **Download Project Configuration** from the drop-down list.

## Import object settings

OMS allows you to rename databases and tables and set row filter conditions, filter columns, and sharding columns by importing CSV files. You can download a template CSV file, modify it as needed, and then import it.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>If you edit the object information in an Excel file, separate the columns with commas (,), save the file as a CSV file, and then import the CSV file. </p>
  </main>

The CSV files that you want to import must contain the following columns: source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, column mapping, and sharding columns.

1. Create a data synchronization project.

   1. Log on to the OMS console.

   2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

   3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click **Create Synchronization Project** in the upper-right corner.

2. Create a synchronization project based on your business needs. In the list on the right of the **Select Synchronization Objects** page, click **Import Objects** in the upper-right corner.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You cannot import objects to a data synchronization project that synchronizes data from an IDB data source. </p>
    </main>

   The specific procedure of creating a data synchronization project depends on the source and destination nodes you select. For more information, see Create a data synchronization project.

3. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

4. In the **Import Synchronization Objects** dialog box, click **Import CSV** in the message and select a local CSV file to import it.

   You can also click **CSV Template** in the message to download the template. Then, configure the settings in the template as needed and click **Import CSV** to import the synchronization objects.

5. Edit the CSV file as needed.

    <main id="notice" type='explain'>
    <h4>Description</h4>
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>You can edit the CSV file manually or by using an SQL script. You can also click <strong>Download Project Configuration</strong> on the details page of the project to generate a CSV file. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>You can enter names of databases or tables in the destination database to establish a mapping between the source and destination. </p>
    </li>
    </ul>
    </main>

6. Click **Validate** to check whether the source objects exist and whether the row filter conditions are correct. If the verification succeeds, the number of verified tables and views is displayed.

7. Click **OK** to return to the **Select Synchronization Objects** step of the data synchronization project.

8. Complete subsequent project settings as prompted.
