# Release and delete a data synchronization project

If a data synchronization project is no longer required, you can pause and release it. After a data synchronization project is released, you can delete the project to release resources.

## Release a data synchronization project

After the data synchronization project is released, OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) terminates the project. This operation is irreversible. Proceed with caution. However, OMS does not delete the project. You can still view details about the project.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You can release a data synchronization project in the <strong>Paused</strong>, <strong>Failed</strong>, or <strong>Completed</strong> state. </p>
  </main>

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Synchronization Projects** page, click **Release** in the Actions column of the project that you want to release.

   You can also click the project name to go to the details page, and click **Release** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Delete a data synchronization project

After you delete a data synchronization project, data of the project cannot be recovered. Proceed with caution.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>You can delete only a data synchronization project in the <strong>Not Started</strong> or <strong>Released</strong> state. </p>
  </main>

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Synchronization Projects** page, click **Delete** in the Actions column of the project that you want to delete.

   You can also click the project name to go to the details page, and click **Delete** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **Delete**.
