# Deployment modes

This topic describes the considerations for deploying OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition and the deployment modes supported by the current version.

## Single-node deployment

OMS Community Edition deployed on a single node can provide all features of OMS Community Edition. If you do not need to use a high availability (HA) environment, you can deploy OMS Community Edition on a single node. For more information, see [Deploy OMS on a single node](../400.deployment-guide/500.deploy-oms-on-a-single-node.md).

## Multi-node deployment in a single region

You can deploy OMS Community Edition on multiple nodes to achieve HA. In the HA architecture, each OMS Community Edition node provides all features of OMS Community Edition, and the backend task framework implements distributed scheduling based on the database. When a node becomes unavailable, the framework automatically schedules tasks to other available OMS Community Edition nodes.

OMS Community Edition also supports deployment on multiple nodes in a single region. For more information, see [Deploy OMS on multiple nodes in a single region](../400.deployment-guide/600.deploy-oms-on-multiple-nodes-in-a-single-region.md).

  <main id="notice" type='explain'>
  <h4>Note</h4>
  <ul>
  <li>
  <p>The HA feature does not support automatic recovery of the Full-Import/Full-Verification component. </p>
  </li>
  <li>
  <p>We recommend that you apply multi-node deployment in the production environment. </p>
  </li>
  </ul>
  </main>

## Multi-node deployment in multiple regions

OMS Community Edition supports multi-region deployment. You can deploy OMS Community Edition across multiple regions. For more information, see [Deploy OMS on multiple nodes in multiple regions](../400.deployment-guide/700.deploy-oms-on-multiple-nodes-in-multiple-regions.md).

## Considerations

* You can directly deploy OMS Community Edition V4.1.1, but cannot upgrade earlier versions to V4.1.1.

* If you need OMS Community Edition to collect and display historical monitoring data, deploy an InfluxDB time-series database. For more information, see [Deploy a time series database](../400.deployment-guide/1000.deploy-a-time-series-database.md).

* By default, HA is disabled in OMS Community Edition. If you want to enable HA, log on to the OMS console and change the value of `enable` to `true` in `ha.config`. For more information, see [Modify high availability configurations](../1000.system-management/400.system-parameters/200.modify-ha-configurations.md).
