# Install oblogproxy (optional)

oblogproxy is a proxy service for managing incremental logs of OceanBase Database. oblogproxy allows applications to access and manage real-time incremental data logs of OceanBase Database. It also supports subscriptions to incremental logs in isolated networks.

## Prerequisites

Before you install oblogproxy, make sure the following conditions are met:

* The operating system is 64-bit Linux whose kernel version is 3.0 or later.

* Number of CPU cores = Number of data links + 4.

* Size of memory in GB = Number of data links × 3 + 2.

* NIC bandwidth = Number of data links × Peak traffic of incremental synchronization of the physical tables of OceanBase Database.

* The available disk space is larger than 40 GB.

* Port `2983` is not occupied, because oblogproxy uses this port by default.

## Considerations

Make sure that the installed oblogproxy can be accessed by OceanBase Migration Service (OMS).

## Directories

```bash
├── run.sh                 // The control script.
├── bin
│   └── logproxy          
├── conf
│   └── conf.json          // The configuration file of oblogproxy.                       
├── log                    // Logs of oblogproxy.                               
└── run   
```

## Procedure

Perform the following steps to install oblogproxy:

1. Download the oblogproxy installation package to the server where OceanBase Database is deployed.

   ```bash
   # Download the oblogproxy installation package.
   wget ${download_address} -O ${installation_dir}/logproxy.tar.gz
   # Decompress the oblogproxy installation package.
   ```

   <main id="notice" type='explain'>
    <h4>Note</h4>
    <p>Contact OMS Technical Support to obtain the installation package of oblogproxy. </p>
    <p>The latest version of oblogproxy is 2.1.0. We recommend that you install oblogproxy in the <code>/home/ds</code> directory. </p>
   </main>

2. Configure the sys tenant.

   Use the username and password of the sys tenant of OceanBase Database to generate encrypted credentials for oblogproxy.

   ```bash
    # Generate the encrypted account.
    ./logproxy -x ${username}
    # The return result.
    4B9C75F649341*****
    # Generate the encrypted password.
    ./logproxy -x ${password}
    # The return result.
    DCE2AF09D006D*****
   ```

   Use the encrypted account and password to update the configuration file of oblogproxy.

   ```bash
   # Open the configuration file.
   vim ./conf/conf.json
   # Update the `ob_sys_username` and `ob_sys_password` fields.
   {
    "ob_sys_username": "4******",
    "ob_sys_password": "D*******"
    }
   ```

3. Start and stop oblogproxy.

   Run the following commands in the installation directory of oblogproxy:

   ```bash
    # Start the oblogproxy.
    sh ./run.sh start
    # Stop the oblogproxy.
    sh ./run.sh stop
   ```

   The `logproxy.INFO` file of oblogproxy is stored in the `./log` directory. After oblogproxy is started, the `logproxy.INFO` file displays the following information:

   ```bash
   Listen on port: 2983
   Communicator about to start
   ```

4. Check whether oblogproxy is started and whether Port `2983` is properly bound.

   ```bash
   ps aux | grep logproxy 
   netstat -anlp | grep 2983
   ```
