# Deploy OMS Community Edition on a single node

This topic describes how to deploy OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition on a single node by using deployment tools.

## Prerequisites

* The installation environment meets the system and network requirements. For more information, see [System and network requirements](../400.deployment-guide/200.system-requirements.md).

* A MetaDB cluster is in place to serve as the metadata database of OMS Community Edition.

* The OMS Community Edition installation package is obtained. Generally, the package is a `tar.gz` file whose name starts with `oms`.

* The downloaded OMS Community Edition installation package has been loaded into the local image repository of the Docker container.

   `docker load -i <OMS Community Edition installation package>`

* The directory to which the OMS Community Edition container is mounted has been prepared. OMS Community Edition creates three mapping directories in this directory: `/home/admin/logs`, `/home/ds/store`, and `/home/ds/run`. These directories store the runtime components and logs of OMS Community Edition.

* (Optional) A time-series database is installed to store OMS Community Edition performance monitoring data and DDL and DML statistics.

## Concepts

You need to replace variable names in some commands and prompts. A variable name is enclosed with angle brackets (`<>`).

* Directory to which the OMS Community Edition container is mounted: See the description of the mount directory in Prerequisites.

* IP address of the server: the IP address of the host that executes the script. In a single-node deployment scenario, by default, it refers to the IP address in the cluster management (CM) configuration information.

* OMS_IMAGE: the unique identifier of the loaded image. After you load the OMS Community Edition installation package by using Docker, run the `docker images` command to obtain the [IMAGE ID] or [REPOSITORY:TAG] of the loaded image. The obtained value is the unique identifier of the loaded image. Example:

   ```shell
   $sudo docker images
   REPOSITORY                                          TAG                 IMAGE ID        
   reg.docker.alibaba-inc.com/oboms/oms-all-in-one     feature_3.4.0       2a6a77257d35      
   ```

   In this example, `<OMS_IMAGE>` can be `reg.docker.alibaba-inc.com/oboms/oms-all-in-one:feature_3.4.0` or `2a6a77257d35`. Replace the value of `<OMS_IMAGE>` in related commands with the preceding value.

* Directory of the `config.yaml` file: If you want to deploy OMS Community Edition based on the current `config.yaml` configuration file, this directory is the one where the current configuration file is located.

## Deploy OMS Community Edition without a configuration file

If the OMS Community Edition configuration file does not exist, we recommend that you generate a new configuration file for deployment. If the OMS Community Edition configuration file exists, we recommend that you use the existing configuration file for deployment.

1. Log on to the server where OMS Community Edition is deployed.

2. Optional. Deploy a time-series database.

   If you need to collect and display OMS Community Edition monitoring data, deploy a time-series database. Otherwise, you can skip this step. For more information, see [Deploy a time-series database](../400.deployment-guide/1000.deploy-a-time-series-database.md).

3. Run the following command to obtain the deployment script from the loaded image:

   ```shell
   sudo docker run -d --net host --name oms-config-tool <OMS_IMAGE> bash && sudo docker cp oms-config-tool:/root/docker_remote_deploy.sh . && sudo docker rm -f oms-config-tool
   ```

   Example

   ```shell
   sudo docker run -d --net host --name oms-config-tool reg.docker.alibaba-inc.com/oboms/oms-all-in-one:feature_3.4.0 bash && sudo docker cp oms-config-tool:/root/docker_remote_deploy.sh . && sudo docker rm -f oms-config-tool
   ```

4. Use the deployment script to start the deployment tool.

   ```shell
   sh docker_remote_deploy.sh -o <Mount directory of the OMS Community Edition container> -i <IP address of the host> -d <OMS_IMAGE>
   ```

5. Follow the prompts to complete the deployment. After you set each parameter, press **Enter** to move on to the next parameter.

   1. Select a deployment mode.

      Select **Single Node in Single Region**.

   2. Select the task.

      Select **No Configuration File. Deploy OMS Starting from Configuration File Generation**.

   3. Enter the following MetaDB configuration information:

      1. Enter the URL, port, username, and password of the MetaDB.

      2. Set the prefix for names of databases in the MetaDB

         For example, when the prefix is set to `oms`, the databases in the MetaDB are named `oms_rm`, `oms_cm`, and `oms_cm_hb`.

      3. Confirm your settings.

         If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

      4. If the system displays "**The specified database names already exist in the MetaDB. Are you sure that you want to continue?**",  The message indicates that the database name you entered already exists in the MetaDB. This may be caused by repeated deployment or upgrade of OMS Community Edition. You can enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed, or enter `n` and press **Enter** to re-specify the settings.

   4. Perform the following operations to configure the CM service of OMS Community Edition:

      1. Check whether the obtained default IP address is correct.

         The displayed IP address must be the same as the value of the <IP address of the server> field that you specified when you start the deployment tool. If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

      2. The page displays the OMS Community Edition cluster settings. Note that the value of the `cm_url` field must be the IP address of the server. If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   5. Confirm whether to enable OMS Community Edition historical data monitoring.

      * If you have deployed a time-series database, enter `y` and press **Enter** to go to the next step to configure the time-series database and enable the monitoring of OMS Community Edition historical data.

      * If you did not deploy a time-series database, enter `n` and press **Enter** to go to the step of "determining whether to enable the audit log feature and setting Simple Log Service (SLS) parameters". In this case, OMS Community Edition does not monitor the historical data after deployment.

   6. Configure the time-series database.

      Perform the following operations:

      1. Confirm whether you have deployed a time-series database.

         Enter the value based on the actual situation. If yes, enter `y` and press **Enter**. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter** to go to the step of "determining whether to enable the audit log feature and setting SLS parameters".

      2. Set the type of the time-series database to `INFLUXDB`.

         <main id="notice" type='notice'>
         <h4>Notice</h4>
         <p>At present, only INFLUXDB is supported. </p>
         </main>

      3. Enter the URL, username, and password of the time-series database.

      4. Confirm whether the displayed settings are correct.

         If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   7. Determine whether to enable the audit log feature and write the audit logs to Simple Log Service (SLS).

      To enable the audit log feature, enter `y` and press **Enter** to go to the next step to specify the SLS parameters.

      Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to start the deployment. In this case, OMS Community Edition does not audit the logs after deployment.

   8. Specify the following SLS parameters:

      1. Set the SLS parameters as prompted.

      2. Confirm whether the displayed settings are correct.

         If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   9. If the configuration file passes the check, all settings are displayed. If the settings are correct, enter `n` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `y` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

      If the configuration file fails the check, modify the configuration information as prompted.

   10. Specify the directory to which the OMS Community Edition container is mounted in the host.

         Use a directory with a large capacity.

   11. Confirm whether the OMS Community Edition image file can be named as `OMS_IMAGE`.

         If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   12. Confirm whether to install a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate for the OMS Community Edition container.

         If yes, enter `y`, press **Enter**, and specify the `https_key` and `https_crt` directories as prompted. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter**.

   13. Start the deployment.

         If the deployment fails, you can log on to the running OMS Community Edition container and view the `.log` file with the `docker_init` prefix in the `/home/admin/logs` directory to obtain the log. If the OMS Community Edition container fails to start, the logs cannot be obtained.

## Deploy OMS Community Edition with a configuration file

If an OMS Community Edition configuration file exists, you can use the deployment tool to verify the OMS Community Edition configuration file and directly use the file.

   <main id="notice" type='explain'>
    <h4>Note</h4>
    <p>For more information about settings of the <code>config.yaml</code> file, see the "Template and example of a configuration file" section. </p>
   </main>

1. Log on to the server where OMS Community Edition is deployed.

2. Optional. Deploy a time-series database.

   If you need to collect and display OMS Community Edition monitoring data, deploy a time-series database. Otherwise, you can skip this step. For more information, see [Deploy a time-series database](../400.deployment-guide/1000.deploy-a-time-series-database.md).

3. Run the following command to obtain the deployment script from the loaded image:

   ```shell
   sudo docker run --name oms-config-tool <OMS_IMAGE> bash && sudo docker cp oms-config-tool:/root/docker_remote_deploy.sh . && sudo docker rm -f oms-config-tool
   ```

4. Use the deployment script to start the deployment tool.

   ```shell
   sh docker_remote_deploy.sh -o <Mount directory of the OMS Community Edition container> -c <Directory of the existing config.yaml file> -i <IP address of the host> -d <OMS_IMAGE>
   ```

5. Follow the prompts to complete the deployment. After you set each parameter, press **Enter** to move on to the next parameter.

   1. Select the deployment mode.

      Select **Single Node in Single Region**.

   2. Select the task.

      Select **Use Configuration File Uploaded with Script Option [-c]**.

   3. If the system displays "**The specified database names already exist in the MetaDB. Are you sure that you want to continue?**",  The message indicates that the database name you entered already exists in the MetaDB specified in the original configuration file. This may be caused by repeated deployment or upgrade of OMS Community Edition . You can enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed, or enter `n` and press **Enter** to re-specify the settings.

   4. If the configuration file passes the check, all settings are displayed. If the settings are correct, enter `n` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `y` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

      If the configuration file fails the check, modify the configuration information as prompted.

   5. Specify the directory to which the OMS Community Edition container is mounted in the host.

      Use a directory with a large capacity.

   6. Confirm whether the OMS Community Edition image file can be named as `OMS_IMAGE`.

      If the settings are correct, enter `y` and press **Enter** to proceed. Otherwise, enter `n` and press **Enter** to modify the settings.

   7. Confirm whether to install a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate for the OMS Community Edition container.

      If yes, enter `y`, press **Enter**, and specify the `https_key` and `https_crt` directories as prompted. If not, enter `n` and press **Enter**.

   8. Start the deployment.

      If the deployment fails, you can log on to the running OMS Community Edition container and view the `.log` file with the `docker_init` prefix in the `/home/admin/logs` directory to obtain the log. If the OMS Community Edition container fails to start, the logs cannot be obtained.

To modify the configuration after deployment, log on to the OMS Community Edition container and perform the following steps:

1. Modify the `config.yaml` file based on business needs.

2. Run the `python -m omsflow.scripts.units.oms_init_manager --init-config-file` command.

3. Run the `supervisorctl restart oms_console oms_drc_supervisor` command.

## Template and example of the configuration file

### Configuration file template

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>You must replace the sample values of required parameters based on your actual deployment environment. Both the required and optional parameters are described in the following table. You can specify the optional parameters as needed. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>In the <code>config.yaml</code> file, you must specify the parameters in the key: value format, with a space after the colon (:). </p>
    </li>
    </ul>
  </main>

```yaml
# Information about the OMS Community Edition MetaDB
oms_meta_host: ${oms_meta_host}
oms_meta_port: ${oms_meta_port}
oms_meta_user: ${oms_meta_user}
oms_meta_password: ${oms_meta_password}
     
# You can customize the names of the following three databases, which are created in the MetaDB when you deploy OMS Community Edition.
drc_rm_db: ${drc_rm_db}
drc_cm_db: ${drc_cm_db}
drc_cm_heartbeat_db: ${drc_cm_heartbeat_db}
     
# Configurations of the OMS Community Edition cluster
# In single-node deployment mode, the IP address of the server where OMS Community Edition is deployed is used. We recommend that you use an internal IP address.
cm_url: ${cm_url}
cm_location: ${cm_location}
# The cm_region parameter is not required for single-node deployment.
# cm_region: ${cm_region}
# The cm_region_cn parameter is not required for single-node deployment.
# cm_region_cn: ${cm_region_cn}
cm_is_default: true
cm_nodes:
 - ${cm_nodes}
     
# Configurations of the time-series database
# Default value: false. To enable metric reporting, set the parameter to `true`.
# tsdb_enabled: false 
# If the `tsdb_enabled` parameter is set to `true`, delete comments for the following parameters and specify the values based on your actual configurations.
# tsdb_service: 'INFLUXDB'
# tsdb_url: '${tsdb_url}'
# tsdb_username: ${tsdb_user}
# tsdb_password: ${tsdb_password}
```

| Parameter | Description | Required?                    |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| oms_meta_host | The IP address of the MetaDB, which can be the IP address of a MySQL database or a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database.<br>  **Notice:**<br>This parameter is valid only in OceanBase Database V2.0 and later.  | Yes                          |
| oms_meta_port | The port number of the MetaDB.  | Yes                          |
| oms_meta_user | The username of the MetaDB.  | Yes                          |
| oms_meta_password | The user password of the MetaDB.  | Yes                          |
| drc_rm_db | The name of the database for the OMS Community Edition console.  | Yes                          |
| drc_cm_db | The name of the MetaDB for the CM service.  | Yes                          |
| drc_cm_heartbeat_db | The name of the heartbeat database for the CM service.  | Yes                          |
| cm_url | The URL of the OMS Community Edition CM service. Example: `http://xxx.xxx.xxx.1:8088`.  <br>**Note:**<br>In single-node deployment mode, the IP address of the server where OMS Community Edition is deployed is used. We do not recommend that you set it to `http://127.0.0.1:8088`.  <br>The access URL of the OMS console is in the format of `IP address of the host on which OMS is deployed:8089`. Example: `http(https)://xxx.xxx.xxx.1:8089`.  <br>Port 8088 is used for program calls, and Port 8089 is used for web page access. You must specify Port 8088.  | Yes                          |
| cm_location | The code of the region. Value range: [0,127]. You can select one number for each region.  | Yes                          |
| cm_region | The name of the region. Example: cn-jiangsu.  <br>**Notice:**<br>If you use OMS with the Alibaba Cloud Multi-Site High Availability (MSHA) service in an active-active disaster recovery scenario, use the region configured for the Alibaba Cloud service.  | No                           |
| cm_region_cn | The value here is the same as the value of cm_region.  | No                           |
| cm_nodes | The IP addresses of servers on which the OMS Community Edition CM service is deployed.  | Yes                          |
| cm_is_default | Indicates whether the OMS Community Edition CM service is enabled by default.  | No. Default value: `true`.   |
| tsdb_enabled | Indicates whether metric reporting is enabled for monitoring. Valid values: `true` and `false`.  | No. Default value: `false`.  |
| tsdb_service | The type of the time-series database. Valid values: `INFLUXDB` and `CERESDB`.  | No. Default value: `CERESDB`. |
| tsdb_url | The IP address of the server where InfluxDB is deployed. You need to modify this parameter based on the actual environment if you set the `tsdb_enabled` parameter to `true`.  | No                           |
| tsdb_username | The username used to connect to the time-series database. You need to modify this parameter based on the actual environment if you set the `tsdb_enabled` parameter to `true`.  After you deploy the time-series database, manually create a user and specify the username and password.  | No                           |
| tsdb_password | The password used to connect to the time-series database. You need to modify this parameter based on the actual environment if you set the `tsdb_enabled` parameter to `true`.  | No                           |

### Example

Replace related parameters with the actual values in the target deployment environment.

```yaml
oms_meta_host: xxx.xxx.xxx.1
oms_meta_port: 2883
oms_meta_user: oms_meta_user
oms_meta_password: ********
drc_rm_db: oms_rm
drc_cm_db: oms_cm
drc_cm_heartbeat_db: oms_cm_heartbeat
cm_url: http://xxx.xxx.xxx.2:8088
cm_location: 100
cm_region: cn-anhui
cm_region_cn: cn-anhui
cm_is_default: true
cm_nodes:
  - xxx.xxx.xxx.2
tsdb_service: 'INFLUXDB'
tsdb_enabled: true
tsdb_url: 'xxx.xxx.xxx.4:8086'
tsdb_username: username
tsdb_password: ********
```
