# Check the deployment

After you deploy OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) on the server, access Docker and check the service status to determine whether OMS is properly operating on the server.

## Procedure

1. Go to the Docker container.

   ```shell
   docker exec -it ${CONTAINER_NAME} bash
   ```

   <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p><code>CONTAINER_NAME</code> specifies the name of the container. </p>
   </main>

2. Run the `supervisorctl status` command to obtain the output information. Make sure that the status of each service is RUNNING.

   In this case, OMS is properly operating in the environment.

   ```shell
   # supervisorctl status
   nginx                            RUNNING   pid 905, uptime 3 days, 5:40:09
   oms_console                      RUNNING   pid 907, uptime 3 days, 5:39:59
   oms_drc_cm                       RUNNING   pid 971, uptime 3 days, 5:39:49
   oms_drc_supervisor               RUNNING   pid 1223, uptime 3 days, 5:39:38
   sshd                             RUNNING   pid 1419, uptime 3 days, 5:39:27
   ```

   OMS consists of control components and data migration components. The control components are the OMS console, cluster management (CM) service, and supervisor. If a control component fails to start, memory issues may have occurred. You can modify the startup configuration of the control component by performing the following operations:

   1. Check whether the control component is started based on the output information of the startup operation.

   2. Enter the `/etc/supervisor/conf.d/` directory and execute the `ll` command to view the names of initialization files of control components.

      ```shell
      # cd /etc/supervisor/conf.d/
      # ll
      total 20
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 285 Jan 13 15:37 base.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 338 Jan 13 15:37 drc_cm.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 397 Jan 13 15:37 drc_supervisor.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 351 Jan 13 15:37 oms_console.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 316 Jan 13 15:37 oms_nginx.ini
      ```

   3. Run one of the following `cat` commands as needed to view the startup script of the component. In the returned information of the command, the startup script is displayed after bash.

      * Run the `cat oms_console.ini` command to view the startup script for the OMS console. Sample script: `/home/admin/conf/command/start_oms_console.sh`.

      * Run the `cat drc_cm.ini` command to view the startup script for the CM service. Sample script: `/home/admin/conf/command/start_oms_cm.sh`.

      * Run the `cat drc_supervisor.ini` command to view the startup script for the supervisor. Sample script: `/home/ds/supervisor/service.sh`.

   4. Find the startup script for the corresponding control component, and modify the JVM memory settings.

   5. Run the `supervisorctl restart` command to restart the control component.

      If the execution of the `docker_init.sh` script fails, you can modify the configuration and execute the script again.

3. Log on to the OMS console and go to the **Servers** page to check whether the number of servers is as expected.

   For more information, see the topics [Log on to the OMS console](../500.oms-console/100.log-on-to-the-oms-console.md) and [View server information](../900.o-m-manual/300.server/100.view-server-information.md) in OMS User Guide.
