# Log on to the OMS Community Edition console

After you deploy OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition, you can log on to the OMS Community Edition console by using the OMS Community Edition access URL.

## Procedure

1. In Google Chrome 97 or later, enter the OMS Community Edition access URL in the address bar and press the Enter key.

   The access URL of the OMS Community Edition console is in the following format: `the IP address of the host on which OMS is deployed:8089`. Example: `http://10.10.10.1:8089`, or `https://10.10.10.1:8089`.

   >**Note:**
   >
   >OMS Community Edition supports the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate. If you have mounted an SSL certificate to the specific directory of the OMS Community Edition container when you deploy the OMS Community Edition, you must log on to the OMS Community Edition console in HTTPS mode.

2. Optional. Set a password and activate the account.

   The default logon password for the `admin` user of the OMS Community Edition console is `aaAA11__`. When you log on to the OMS Community Edition console as the admin user for the first time, you must change the default password to ensure account security. If you are not a first-logon user, skip this step.

   1. In the **Password** field of the dialog box, enter a password.

      The password must be 8 to 32 characters in length and contain at least one digit, one letter, and one special character. The supported special characters are . _ + @ # $ %

   2. In the **Confirm Password** field, enter the password again.

   3. Click **Activate**.

3. Enter the OMS Community Edition username and password on the logon page.

4. Click **Log On**.

   Keep your new password confidential. You can change the password at **User Center**. For more information, see [Change your logon password](../1.console/3.user-center/2.change-the-logon-password.md).
