# Update the configurations of a Full-Verification component

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to view and update the configurations of a specified Full-Verification component. When you update the configurations, the current configurations of the Full-Verification component are automatically displayed. You can view or modify the configurations of the Full-Verification component.

## Limits

OMS Community Edition allows you to update the configurations of a Full-Verification component in the **Running**, **Stopped**, or **Abnormal** state.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Full-Verification** tab.

4. On the Full-Verification page, you can search for a Full-Verification component by component name, server IP address, or migration project name or ID.

   You can filter Full-Verification components by region and update the configurations of the Full-Verification components in the target region.

5. Click **Update** in the **Actions** column of the target Full-Verification component.

6. In the **Update Configuration** dialog box, add a parameter or update the configurations. For more information, see [Component parameters](../../../1100.o-m-guide/500.component-parameters/100.coordinator.md).

   To add a Full-Verification parameter, perform the following operations:

   1. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, move the pointer over the blank area next to the root parameter and click the add icon that appears.

   2. Specify **Key Name** and click the check icon.

   3. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, find the new key name. Its default value is NULL.

   4. Move the pointer over the new parameter and click the Edit icon that appears. Modify the parameter value and click the check icon.

   To update the configurations of a Full-Verification component, perform the following operations:

   1. In the **Update Configuration** dialog box, move the pointer over the parameter to be modified and click the Edit icon that appears.

   2. Modify the value in the text box and then click the confirm icon.

      The green tick specifies to update the value and the red cross specifies to cancel the modification.

7. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, click **OK**.
