# User management

By default, you can log on to the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console as the admin user. Letters in the username are not case-sensitive. OMS Community Edition allows you to assign different roles to users. This topic describes how to manage users.

## Background information

>**Notice**
>
>You can perform the following operations only as the admin user.

The left-side navigation pane of the OMS Community Edition console provides the following tabs: **Overview**, **Data Migration**, **Data Synchronization**, **Data Source Management**, **O\&M and Monitoring**, and **System Management**. The supported roles are Admin and User. The following sections describe role privileges:

* Admin

  OMS Community Edition supports the admin account of the Admin role and non-admin accounts of the Admin role.

  * The admin account of the Admin role

    The admin account is created in OMS Community Edition by default, and has the following privileges:

    * Creates users of the Admin role.

    * Accesses all tabs in the left-side navigation pane of the OMS Community Edition console.

    * Edits users, changes the password of each user, views tasks, and performs O\&M and monitoring operations.

    * Deletes all other users.
  
  * Non-admin accounts of the Admin role

    A non-admin account has the Admin role but its username is not admin. A non-admin account has the following features:

    * Has the privilege to edit the user information for the account.

    * Has the privilege to view the information of other users.

    * Has the privilege to create accounts of the User role, but not the Admin role.

    * Has no privilege to delete users.

* User

  * Has the privilege to access the **Overview**, **Data Migration**, **Data Synchronization**, and **Data Source Management** pages.
  
  * Has the privilege to view the projects created by the logged-on user on the **Data Migration** and **Data Synchronization** pages.

  * Has the privilege to view the data sources added by the logged-on user on the **Data Source Management** page.

  * Has the privilege to create projects and add data sources.

## Create a user

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** \> **User Management**.

3. On the **User Management** page, click **Create User** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the **Create User** panel, specify the following parameters.

   |   Parameter   |                 Description                                |
   |---------------|----------------------------------------------------|
   | Account       | The name must be 1 to 14 English letters or 1 to 7 Chinese characters in length and can contain Chinese characters, English letters, and underscores (_).                                                |
   | Role          | The role of the user. Select a role from the drop-down list. Valid values: Admin and User.                                                                                                               |
   | Password      | The password must contain at least two digits, two upper-case letters, two lower-case letters, and two special characters. The following special characters are supported: . _ + @ # $ % |
   | Email         | The email address of the user.                                      |
   | Mobile Number | The mobile phone number of the user.                                 |
   | Department    | The department to which the user belongs.                      |
   | Description   | The description of the user. The description can be up to 256 characters in length.

5. Click **Submit**.

## Change the password of a user

1. On the **User Management** page, click **Change Password** in the Actions column of the user whose password you want to change.

2. In the **Change Password** dialog box, set the **New Password** parameter.

3. Click **OK**.

## Edit a user

1. On the **User Management** page, click **Edit** in the Actions column of the user that you want to edit.

2. In the **Edit User** panel, modify the user information. The **Account** and **Role** parameters cannot be modified.

3. Click **Submit**.

## Delete a user

>**Notice**
>
>Only the admin user of the Admin role can delete users. The admin user cannot be deleted.

1. On the User Management page, click **Delete** in the Actions column of the user that you want to delete.

2. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
