# Associate with OCP

You can associate OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition with OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP) clusters. This topic describes how to add, modify, and delete an OCP cluster in the OMS Community Edition console.

## Background information

OCP is the management platform of OceanBase Database. You can create OceanBase clusters and perform cluster O\&M and monitoring operations in the OCP console. When OMS Community Edition needs to obtain the clogs of an OceanBase data source or use OCP as the alert channel, you must associate OMS Community Edition with an OCP cluster. OMS Community Edition uses the Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) connection URL to connect to the OCP MetaDB and query the information required for data migration.

## Limits

OMS Community Edition supports only OCP V3.1.1-CE and V3.3.0-CE.

## Add an OCP cluster

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** \> **Associated OCP Cluster**.

3. On the **Associated OCP Cluster** page, click **Add Associated OCP Cluster**.

4. In the **Add Associated OCP Cluster** dialog box, specify the following parameters.

   |    Parameter     |                                            Description                                            |
   |------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   | OCP Cluster Name | The name of the OCP cluster. The name must be 3 to 32 characters in length.                       |
   | Endpoint         | The URL used by OMS Community Edition to access the OCP cluster. The value is in the IP address:port number format. |
   | API Username     | The logon username used by OMS Community Edition to access the OCP cluster.                      |
   | API Password     | The logon password used by OMS Community Edition to access the OCP cluster.                     |
   | Version          | Optional. The version of OCP.                                                                     |

5. Click **Test Connection**.

6. After the test succeeds, click **Submit**.

   You can also click **Cancel** and return to the **OCP List** page.

## Modify an associated OCP

1. On the **Associated OCP Cluster** page, click **Modify** in the Actions column of the OCP cluster that you want to modify.

2. In the **Modify Associated OCP** dialog box, modify parameters as needed.

   >**Notice**
   >
   >You cannot modify the **OCP Cluster Name** and **Endpoint** parameters.

3. Click **Test Connection**.

4. After the test succeeds, click **Submit**.

   You can also click **Cancel** and return to the **OCP List** page.

## Delete an associated OCP cluster

To delete an associated OCP cluster, you must release the running data migration or synchronization project that involves the associated data source.

1. On the **Associated OCP Cluster** page, click **Delete** in the Actions column of the OCP cluster that you want to delete.

2. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
