# Modify parameters of a data migration project

This topic describes how to modify the parameters of a data migration project on the Migration Projects page. 

When you create a data migration project, you have set parameters such as Concurrency for Full Migration, Full Verification Concurrency, and Incremental Record Retention Time. If the business performance is affected during data migration due to improper parameter settings or changes in the business volume, you can modify the parameters of the project at any time. You can use one of the following two methods to modify the parameters:

* On the **Migration Projects** page, click the **More** icon next to the project whose parameters you want to modify, and then click **Modify Parameter Configurations** from the drop-down list.

* On the details page of the migration project whose parameters you want to modify, click **Modify Parameter Configurations** in the upper-right corner.

## Limits

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition only allows you to modify parameters of a data migration project in the **Inactive**, **Paused**, or **Failed** state.

## Procedure 

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Migration Projects** page, click the **More** icon next to the project whose parameters you want to modify, and then click **Modify Parameter Configurations** from the drop-down list.

4. In the **Modify Parameter Configurations** dialog box, modify the parameters. 

   The parameters that can be modified vary with the type of data migration projects, and the stage of the task.

5. Click **OK**.

## Parameters 

 <table>
   <tr>
   <td><b>Category </td>
   <td><b>Field </td>
   <td><b>Description </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td rowspan="3">Basic Settings</td>
   <td>Concurrency for Full Migration</td>
   <td>The value can be <b>Smooth</b>, <b>Normal</b>, or <b>Fast</b>. Full data migration tasks with different performance settings consume different resources. <br>You can also modify the configurations of the specific Checker to customize the concurrency.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td>Full Verification Concurrency   </td>
   <td>The value can be <b>Smooth</b>, <b>Normal</b>, or <b>Fast</b>. Different quantities of resources of the source and destination databases are consumed at different concurrencies.  <br>You can also modify the configurations of the specific Checker to customize the concurrency. </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td>Incremental Record Retention Time</td>
   <td> The duration that incremental parsed files are cached in OMS Community Edition. A longer retention period indicates more disk space occupied by the Store component of OMS Community Edition. </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td rowspan="2">Advanced Settings</td>
   <td>Whether to Allow Destination Table to Be Not Empty During Full Migration</td>
   <td>When a non-empty destination table is allowed for full migration, full verification runs based on the `in` condition and does not need to be removed. </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
   <td>Whether to Allow Post-indexing </td>
   <td>You can specify whether to allow post-indexing after full migration is completed. Post-indexing can shorten the time of full migration. <br><b>Notice:</b>  To enable this feature, select both <b>Schema Migration</b> and <b>Full Migration</b> on the <b>Select migration types and objects</b> page.</td>
   </tr>
   </table>