# Start and pause a JDBCWriter

JDBCWriter is a component that writes incremental data into the destination database during incremental data migration of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition. The **JDBCWriter** tab of the OPS & Monitoring module of OMS Community Edition provides common JDBCWriter O&M operations. You can pause a JDBCWriter for troubleshooting, and start it again after the problem is fixed.

## Start a JDBCWriter

If you want to run a JDBCWriter in the **Stopped** state, manually start it. By default, a JDBCWriter is started in the region where the destination data source is located.

When you start a JDBCWriter, you can set a timestamp from which data is pulled.

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **JDBCWriter** tab.

4. On the **JDBCWriter** tab, search for the JDBCWriter that you want to pause by its name or server IP address. You can also perform a fuzzy search by migration project name or ID.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **JDBCWriter**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter JDBCWriters by region and start the JDBCWriters that are not running in the corresponding region.

5. Click **Start** in the **Actions** column of the target JDBCWriter.

6. In the **Start** dialog box, set **Whether to Pull Back**.

   * **Yes**: Data is to be pulled.

      You must specify **Timestamp**. After you confirm the startup, the JDBCWriter starts after it updates the timestamp, to ensure that the data received by the destination database is the incremental data generated since that timestamp. If the corresponding store does not contain incremental data generated since this timestamp, an error will be reported.

      Data pulling applies only to JDBCWriters for incremental data synchronization. Otherwise, an error is returned.

   * **No**: Data is not to be pulled. The JDBCWriter directly starts after you confirm the startup.

7. Click **Start**.

## Pause a JDBCWriter

If a running JDBCWriter encounters an exception such as high latency during operation, we recommend that you pause the JDBCWriter and fix the problem.

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **JDBCWriter** tab.

4. On the **JDBCWriter** tab, search for the JDBCWriter that you want to pause by its name or server IP address. You can also perform a fuzzy search by migration project name or ID.

5. Click **Pause** in the **Actions** column of the JDBCWriter that you want to pause.

6. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
