# Migrate a JDBCWriter

The OPS & Monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to migrate a JDBCWriter in high availability scenarios. 

## Limits

* JDBCWriters can be migrated only in high availability scenarios where there are multiple servers. 

* You can migrate only a JDBCWriter in the **Stopped** or **Abnormal** state. 

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition. 

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**. 

3. On the **Component** page, click the **JDBCWriter** tab. 

4. On the **JDBCWriter** tab, search for the JDBCWriter that you want to pause by its name or server IP address. You can also perform a fuzzy search by migration project name or ID. 

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **JDBCWriter**. 

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter JDBCWriters by region and migrate JDBCWriters in the target region. 

5. Click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target JDBCWriter and then choose **Migrate** from the drop-down list. 

6. In the dialog box that appears, confirm the value of **Object** and choose whether to specify **Node** based on the business requirements. 

   * If you have specified the node, ignore the tag and quota information of the server. Make sure that the server can run JDBCWriter. 

   * If you have not specified the node, the system automatically uses the server that have not reached the performance bottleneck for migration. However, the server is not necessarily the one with the lowest usage. 

7. Click **Migrate**. 
