# Update the configurations of a JDBCWriter

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to view and update the configurations of a specified JDBCWriter. When you update the configurations, the current configurations of the JDBCWriter are displayed by default. You can view and modify the configurations of the JDBCWriter.

## Application scenarios

You can update the JDBCWriter configurations in the following scenarios:

* A data migration project fails due to incorrect configuration information.

* A data migration project needs to be optimized.

## Limits

* OMS Community Edition allows you to update the configurations of only a JDBCWriter in the **Stopped** or **Abnormal** state.

* After you update the configurations of a JDBCWriter, the system restarts the JDBCWriter to apply the updates. Proceed with caution.

   When a data migration project fails, check the configurations of the project first, such as the basic information and user privileges of the source and destination databases.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **JDBCWriter** tab.

4. On the **JDBCWriter** tab, search for the JDBCWriter that you want to pause by its name or server IP address. You can also perform a fuzzy search by migration project name or ID.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **JDBCWriter**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter JDBCWriters by region and update JDBCWriters in the target region.

5. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, hover the pointer over the parameter to be modified and click the edit icon that appears. For more information, see [JDBCWriter parameters](../../5.description-of-component-parameters/3.jdbcwriter-parameters.md).

6. Modify the value in the text box and then click the confirm icon.

   You can update any key or value of the JDBCWriter. You can also hover the pointer over the `extraConfig` parameter and click the add icon to add a key-value pair, for example, {"JDBCWriter.worker_num": "24"}.

7. Click **Update**.
