# Use tags to manage data synchronization projects

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to manage data synchronization projects by using tags.

## Background

After you create a data synchronization project, you can use tags to manage and filter the project. All tags can be shared. However, the admin user and general users have different privileges on tags:

* The admin user can create, query, modify, delete, and revoke tags.

* A general user can create, query, and revoke tags, and can modify and delete tags that are created by the user.

* A general user can use tags created by the admin user and other general users but can manage only tags created by themselves.

## Limits

* You can add up to four tags to a data synchronization project.

* The total number of tags for all synchronization projects cannot exceed 100.

* The tag name must be unique.

## Go to the Manage Tags dialog box

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. Go to the **Manage Tags** dialog box.

   You can use one of the following methods to go to the Manage Tags dialog box:
   * Use the Edit Tag icon in the Actions column of the project.

     1. On the **Data Synchronization** page, find the project.

     2. Click the Edit Tag icon in the Actions column of the project.

     3. In the **Edit Tag** dialog box, click the field.

     4. In the drop-down list, click **Manage Tags**.

        If you have created tags, you can select the tags that you want to add to the project from the drop-down list.

   * Use the drop-down list on the Synchronization Projects page.

     1. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click **Tag** in the upper-right corner.

     2. In the drop-down list, click **Manage Tags**.

## Create a tag

1. In the **Manage Tags** dialog box, click **Create Tag**.

2. In the **Create Tag** dialog box, specify the tag name in the **Tag Name** field.

   **Notice**

   The tag name must be 1 to 20 characters in length and cannot contain a space.

3. Click **OK**.

## Modify a tag

1. In the **Manage Tags** dialog box, click **Modify** in the Actions column of the tag that you want to modify.

2. In the **Edit Tag** dialog box, modify the tag name.

   **Notice**

   The tag name must be 1 to 20 characters in length and cannot contain a space.

3. Click **OK**.

   * If no project uses the tag, the modification immediately takes effect.

   * If the tag is used by one or more projects, a dialog box automatically appears, showing the number of projects that use the tag. After you confirm the modification, click **OK**.

## Delete a tag

1. In the **Manage Tags** dialog box, click **Delete** in the Actions column of the tag that you want to delete.

2. In the dialog box that appears, click **Delete**.

   * If no project uses the tag, the tag is deleted.

   * If the tag is used by one or more projects, a dialog box automatically appears, showing the number of projects that use the tag. After you confirm the operation, click **OK**.

     **Note**

     After the tag is deleted, it no longer appears in work items of the project. Proceed with caution.

## Revoke a tag

1. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click the Edit Tag icon in the Actions column of the project whose tags you want to modify.

2. In the **Edit Tag** dialog box, click the delete icon in the Actions column of the selected tag.

3. Click **OK**.
