# Download and import the settings of synchronization objects

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to download the object settings of data synchronization projects and supports automatic configuration and verification of object settings based on imported CSV files. This allows you to save project settings and configure multiple synchronization projects at a time.

## Requirements for imported objects

* In projects synchronizing data from a DataBase Proxy (DBP) logical table to an OceanBase database in MySQL tenant mode, the CSV files to import must contain the following columns:

  Source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, column mapping, and sharding columns. The sharding columns must be separated by semicolons (;).
  
* In projects other than those synchronizing data from a DBP logical table to an OceanBase Database in MySQL tenant mode, the CSV files to import must contain the following columns:

  Source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, selected columns, column mapping, sharding columns, and row filter conditions. The selected columns and sharding columns must be separated by semicolons (;).
  
## Download the settings of synchronization objects

After you create a data synchronization project that synchronizes data from a data source other than IDB, you can download the settings of the synchronization objects.

**Notice:**

You cannot download the object settings of a data synchronization project that synchronizes data from an IDB data source.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click the name of the project whose object settings you want to download.

4. On the details page of the project, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner, and then click **Download Project Configuration**.

## Import the settings of synchronization objects

OMS Community Edition allows you to rename databases and tables and set row filter conditions, filter columns, and sharding columns by importing CSV files. You can download a template CSV file, modify it as needed, and then import it.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click **Create Synchronization Project** in the upper-right corner.

4. Create a synchronization project based on your business needs. In the list on the right of the **Select Synchronization Objects** page, click **Import Objects** in the upper-right corner.

   **Notice:**

   You cannot import objects to a data synchronization project that synchronizes data from an IDB data source.

   The specific procedure of creating a data synchronization project depends on the source and destination nodes you select. For more information, see Create a data synchronization project.

5. In the **Import Synchronization Objects** dialog box, click **Import CSV** in the message and select a local CSV file to import it.

   You can also click **CSV Template** in the message to download the template. Then, configure the settings in the template as needed and click **Import CSV** to import the synchronization objects.

6. After you import the objects, click **Validate**.

7. After the validation succeeds, click **OK**.
