# Start, pause, and resume a data migration project

This topic describes how to start, pause, or resume a data migration project.

## Start a data migration project

If you have created a data migration project but did not start it after it passed the precheck, you can find the project in the list of migration projects and start it.

1. Log on to the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration** .

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Start** next to the target project.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, and click **Start** in the upper-right corner.

## Pause a migration project

You can pause a running data migration project. After a data migration project is paused, OMS Community Edition pauses the running subtasks in the orchestration task list and stops scheduling all subsequent subtasks.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration** .

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Pause** in the Actions column of the project that you want to pause.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, and click **Pause** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK** .

## Resume a data migration project

You can manually resume a paused or failed migration project. OMS Community Edition runs the pending subtasks in the orchestration task list in sequence.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration** .

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Restore** in the Actions column of the project that you want to resume.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, and click **Restore** in the upper-right corner.
