# View and modify migration objects

This topic describes how to view and modify the migration objects of a data migration project in OceanBase Migration Service (OMS).

## Background

If the limits are met, you can add or remove migration objects of a data migration project during migration. The changes made during the running of the project will be recorded. After an object addition task is completed, it will be integrated with the original project that is associated. After the task is integrated with the original project, the original project runs normally and the object addition task is automatically released.

## Limits

* For a data migration project whose migration objects are selected only by using the **Specify Objects** option, you can modify its migration objects.

* For a data migration project in the **Not Started**, **Running**, or **Paused** state, you can add or remove its migration objects.

* For a data migration project in the **Failed** state, you can only remove its migration objects.

* For a data migration project in the **Modifying** or **Integrating** state, you cannot modify its migration objects again.

* When the **Full Migration** or **Incremental Synchronization** step of a data migration project is in the **Paused** or **Failed** state, you can only remove its migration objects.

* In the **Reverse Incremental Migration** step of a data migration project, you can only remove its migration objects.

## View migration objects**

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target project to go to its details page.

4. Click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner and view information on the **Migration Objects** and **Object Modifications** tabs.

   * The **Migration Objects** tab displays the migration objects of the current project. You can click **Modify Object** and then select **Add Object** or **Remove Objects**.

   * The **Object Modifications** tab displays the IDs, types, statuses, and occurrence time of all object modifications.

## Add migration objects

1. On the details page of the target project, click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner.

2. In the **View Objects** dialog box, choose **Modify Object** \> **Add Object**.

3. In the **Add Object** dialog box, select migration objects in the left-side **Source Object** section and click **\>** to add them to the right-side list. You can select tables and views of one or more databases as the migration objects.

   After you select the migration objects to add, you can perform operations such as renaming objects, setting row-based filtering, and viewing column information.

   >**Notice:**
   >
   >By default, the newly added migration objects will inherit all configuration options of the original data migration project. If you abort the object addition operation, you must manually delete the objects that have been added to the destination database.

4. Then, click **Next**.

5. The system automatically performs a precheck on the added migration objects. After the added migration objects pass all check items, click **Save**.

6. Confirm the information and click **OK** in the dialog box that appears.

   * For a paused or failed data migration project, you can cancel the addition operation and modify the migration objects again. The added migration objects will be migrated to the destination database only after the data migration project resumes to normal.

   * If you add migration objects for a running data migration project, after you click Save, the added migration objects will be immediately migrated to the destination database.

   After the object addition operation begins, records will be generated on the page displayed after you choose **View Objects** \> **Object Modifications** . You can view the details of the records on this page. The status of object addition records can be **Pending**, **Canceled**, **Modifying, Running**, **Aborted**, **Integrating**, **Succeeded**, or **Failed**. The operations that you can perform on an object addition record and the status of the original project vary with the status of the object addition record.

   >**Note:**
   >
   >If the original data migration project is in the **Not Started** state, a modification record in the **Succeeded** state will be generated for an object addition operation. If the original data migration project is in the Paused state, a modification record in the Pending state will be generated for an object addition operation.

   The status of an object addition record advances only when the original data migration project is in the Running state, and the status of the original project changes as the status of the object addition record advances. For details, see the table below.

   | **Status of an object addition record** | **Supported operations**                    | **Status of the original project** |
   |-----------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
   | Pending                                 | View Details and Cancel                                                                                                                 | Running                            |
   | Canceled                                | None                                                                                                                                    | Running                            |
   | Modifying                               | None                                                                                                                                    | Modifying                          |
   | Running                                 | View Details and Abort                                                                                                                  | Modifying                          |
   | Aborted                                 | View Details                                                                                                                            | Running                            |
   | Integrating                             | View Details                                                                                                                            | Integrating                        |
   | Succeeded                               | View Details                                                                                                                            | Running                            |
   | Failed                                  | View Details and Retry You can also click **View Causes** to jump to the task details page and view the failure causes. | Modifying/Integrating              |

## Remove migration objects

1. On the details page of the target project, click **View Objects** in the upper-right corner.

2. In the **View Objects** dialog box, choose **Modify Object** \> **Remove Objects**.

3. In the **Remove Objects** dialog box, hover the pointer over a migration object that you want to remove in the **Destination Object** section on the right and click **Remove**.

4. In the **Remove Objects** dialog box, click **Remove**.

5. In the confirmation dialog box that appears, confirm the migration object to remove and click **OK**.

   If the project is in the paused, failed, or running state, after you click OK, the migration object is immediately removed from the destination database.

   >**Notice:**
   >
   >* A removed migration object cannot be recovered, so proceed with caution.
   >
   >* The final result of the object removal operation is succeeded or failed for all migration objects.

   After the object removal operation begins, records will be generated on the page displayed after you choose **View Objects** \> **Object Modifications**. You can view the details of the records on this page. The status of object removal records can be **Pending**, **Canceled**, **Modifying, Succeeded**, or **Failed**. The operations that you can perform on an object removal record and the status of the original project vary with the status of the object removal record.

   | **Status of an object removal record** | **Supported operations**                            | **Status of the original project** |
   |----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
   | Pending                                | View Details and Cancel                                                                                                                 | Running                            |
   | Canceled                               | None                                                                                                                                    | Running                            |
   | Modifying                              | View Details                                                                                                                            | Modifying                          |
   | Succeeded                              | View Details                                                                                                                            | Running                            |
   | Failed                                 | View Details and Retry <br>You can also click **View Causes** to jump to the task details page and view the failure causes. | Modifying                          |
