# Download and import the settings of migration objects

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to download the settings of migration objects in a data migration project and supports automatic configuration and verification of object settings based on imported CSV files. This allows you to save project settings and configure multiple migration projects at a time in a quick manner.

## Download object settings

After you create a data migration project by specifying migration objects, you can download the settings of the objects, such as the source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, column mapping, and row filter conditions.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the project whose object settings you want to download.

4. On the details page of the project, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner, and then click **Download Project Configuration**.

   > **Notice**
   >
   > If you selected the **Match Rules** mode to migrate objects in a migration project, you cannot download the object settings of the project.

## Import object settings

OMS Community Edition allows you to rename databases and tables and set row filter conditions by importing CSV files. You can download a template CSV file, modify it as needed, and then import it.

> **Notice**
>
> If you edit the object information in an Excel file, separate the columns with commas (,), save the file as a CSV file, and then import the CSV file.

The imported CSV file must contain the following columns: source database name, source table name, destination database name, destination table name, column mapping, and row filter condition.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Create Migration Project** in the upper-right corner.

4. Create a migration project based on your business needs. On the **Select Objects** page, select the **Specify Objects** mode. In the right-side list of the **Specify Migration Scope** section, click **Import Objects** in the upper-right corner.

   > **Notice**
   >
   > You can import objects only if you select the **Specify Objects** mode.

   The specific procedure of creating a data migration project depends on the source and destination nodes you select. For more information, see Create a data migration project.

5. In the **Import Objects** dialog box, click **Import CSV** in the message and select a local CSV file to import it.

   You can also click **CSV Template** in the message to download the template. Then, configure the settings in the template as needed and click **Import CSV** to import the migration objects.

6. After you import the objects, click **Validate**.

7. After the validation succeeds, click **OK**.
