# Start, pause, and resume a data migration project

This topic describes how to start, pause, and resume a data migration project.

## Start a data migration project

If you have created a data migration project but did not start it after it passed the precheck, you can find the project in the list of migration projects and start it.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Start** in the Actions column of the target project.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, and click **Start** in the upper-right corner.

## Pause a migration project

You can pause a running data migration project. After a data migration project is paused, OMS pauses the running subtasks in the orchestration task list and stops scheduling all subsequent subtasks.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Pause** in the Actions column of the target project.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, and click **Pause** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

   > **Notice**
   >
   > This operation will pause the real-time synchronization component, full verification component (if any), and full migration component (if any). The project cannot be recovered if it is paused for more than 12 hours.

## Resume a migration project

You can manually resume a paused or failed migration project. OMS runs the pending subtasks in the orchestration task list in sequence.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Restore** in the Actions column of the target project.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, and click **Resume** in the upper-right corner.
