# Release and delete a data migration project

After OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) completes a data migration project, you can switch the business database from the source database to the destination database, and stop and release the project. After a data migration project is released, you can delete the project to release resources.

## Release a data migration project

After the data migration task is released, OMS stops the current full migration and incremental migration tasks. This operation is irreversible. Proceed with caution.

However, OMS does not delete the project. You can view details about the project or create similar data migration projects based on the project.

>**Notice:**
>
>OMS can release a data migration project only if the data migration project is paused, failed or completed.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the **More** icon next to the project that you want to release, and then click **Release** from the drop-down list.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner, and click **Release** from the drop-down list.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Delete a data migration project

After a data migration project is released, you can delete the project to release resources.

>**Notice:**
>
>OMS can delete a data migration project only if the data migration project is not started or released.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click **Delete** in the Actions column of the project that you want to delete.

   You can also click the project name on the **Data Migration** page to go to the details page, click the **More** icon in the upper-right corner, and then click **Delete** from the drop-down list.

4. In the dialog box that appears, enter the project name to confirm the operation.

5. Click **Delete**.
