# Start and pause an Incr-Sync component

The O&M monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) allows you to start and pause an Incr-Sync component. You can pause an Incr-Sync component for troubleshooting and then automatically or manually start it after the issue is fixed.

## Limits

* OMS allows you to start an Incr-Sync component in the **Stopped** or **Abnormal** state.

* OMS allows you to pause an Incr-Sync component in the **Running** state.

## Start an Incr-Sync component

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Incr-Sync** tab.

4. On the **Incr-Sync** page, you can search for an Incr-Sync component by component name, server IP address, or project name.

   You can filter Incr-Sync components by region and start the Incr-Sync components that are not running in the target region.

5. Click **Start** in the **Actions** column of the target Incr-Sync component.

6. In the dialog box that appears, confirm **Object** and **Whether Reset Synchronization Timestamp** and then click **OK**.

## Pause an Incr-Sync component

When you find an Incr-Sync component with a running exception such as high latency, we recommend that you promptly stop the Incr-Sync component for troubleshooting.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Incr-Sync** tab.

4. On the **Incr-Sync** page, you can search for an Incr-Sync component by component name, server IP address, or project name.

   You can filter Incr-Sync components by region and pause the Incr-Sync components in the target region.

5. Click **Pause** in the **Actions** column of the target Incr-Sync component.

6. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
