# Migrate an Incr-Sync component

The O&M and monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to migrate an Incr-Sync component in high availability scenarios.

## Limits

* You can migrate an Incr-Sync component in the Stopped or Abnormal state only when multiple servers are available in a high availability scenario.

* If no node is selected during the migration, the system automatically schedules the connector to a server that has not experienced any performance bottleneck, but not necessarily with the lowest usage.

* If a node is selected during the migration, the tag and quota of the server can be ignored, but the server must be able to run the Incr-Sync component.

## Scenarios

In high availability scenarios, you can migrate Incr-Sync components in the following cases:

* A server is replaced, and Incr-Sync components on the server need to be migrated to a new server.

* The number of task processes on a heavy-loaded server needs to be reduced for load balancing.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Incr-Sync** tab.

4. On the **Incr-Sync** page, you can search for an Incr-Sync component by component name, server IP address, or project name.

   You can filter Incr-Sync components by region and migrate the Incr-Sync components in the target region.

5. Click **Migrate** in the **Actions** column of the target Incr-Sync component.

6. (Optional) In the dialog box that appears, select a node to which you want to migrate the Incr-Sync component.

7. Click **OK**.
