# Update the configurations of an Incr-Sync component

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to view and update the configurations of a specified Incr-Sync component. When you update the configurations, the current configurations of the Incr-Sync component are automatically displayed. You can view or modify the configurations of the Incr-Sync component.

## Limits

* OMS Community Edition allows you to update the configurations of an Incr-Sync component in the **Running**, **Stopped**, or **Abnormal** state.

* After you update the configurations of an Incr-Sync component, the system will restart the Incr-Sync component for the update to take effect. Proceed with caution.

   When a data migration or synchronization project fails, check the configurations of the project first, such as the basic information and user privileges of the source and destination databases.

## Scenarios

You can update Incr-Sync configurations in the following scenarios:

* A data migration or synchronization project fails due to incorrect configuration information.

* A data migration or synchronization project needs to be optimized.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Incr-Sync** tab.

4. On the **Incr-Sync** page, you can search for an Incr-Sync component by component name, server IP address, or project name.

   You can filter Incr-Sync components by region and update the configurations of the Incr-Sync components in the target region.

5. Click **Update** in the **Actions** column of the target Incr-Sync component.

6. In the **Update Configuration** dialog box, add a parameter or update the configurations. For more information, see [Component parameters](../../../1100.o-m-guide/500.component-parameters/100.coordinator.md).

   To add an Incr-Sync parameter, perform the following operations:

   1. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, move the pointer over the blank area next to the `condition`, `coordinator`, `sink`, or `source` parameter and click the Add icon.

   2. Specify **Key Name** and click the check icon.

   3. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, find the new key name. Its default value is NULL.

   4. Move the pointer over the new parameter and click the Edit icon that appears. Modify the parameter value and click the check icon.

   To update the configurations of an Incr-Sync component, perform the following operations:

   1. In the **Update Configuration** dialog box, move the pointer over the parameter to be modified and click the Edit icon that appears.

   2. Modify the value in the text box and then click the confirm icon.

      The green tick specifies to update the value and the red cross specifies to cancel the modification.

7. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, click **OK**.
