# Terms

This topic describes the terms you may need to understand when you use OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

<table>
         <tr>
            <td><b>Category</b></td>
            <td><b>Term</b></td>
            <td><b>Description</b></td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
            <td rowspan="3">Control components</td>
            <td>Ghana       </td>
            <td>The console of OMS Community Edition. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CM</td>
            <td>The cluster management (CM) service of OMS Community Edition. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Supervisor  </td>
            <td>The proxy service of OMS Community Edition. Supervisor receives and runs commands from the CM service. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="2">Incremental parsing components</td>
            <td>Store       </td>
            <td>Pulls database clogs, parses the clogs, and stores the parsed clogs in a unified format. Downstream applications can consume incremental data of different databases from stores in a consistent manner. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>LogProxy    </td>
            <td>The log proxy of OceanBase Database. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="4">Framework components</td>
            <td>Light-Connector</td>
            <td>Supports data synchronization projects in OMS Community Edition of versions earlier than V3.3.1.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Incr-Sync</td>
            <td>The incremental synchronization component. It requests incremental data from the incremental pulling component Store, filters the data based on the configured synchronization objects, and synchronizes the log records to the destination instance while ensuring the time series and consistency of transactions.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Full-Import    </td>
            <td>The full import component. It migrates inventory data of tables in the source database and synchronizes incremental data. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Full-Verification         </td>
            <td>The full verification component. It verifies all fields of row records in the migrated tables and generates a correction statement for inconsistent data. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="2">Others</td>
            <td>MetaDB      </td>
            <td>As a service provided by OceanBase Database, MetaDB is deployed in containers, with a built-in proxy to support direct access to OceanBase Database. <br>MetaDB stores metadata from OceanBase products such as OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP), OceanBase Developer Center (ODC), and OMS Community Edition. </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>InfluxDB    </td>
            <td>As a time series database service, InfluxDB is deployed in containers and stores the monitoring data of migration projects in OMS Community Edition. </td>
        </tr>
</table>
