# Update quotas

During routine O\&M, you can modify the quotas for servers based on the number of tasks and the resource usage of the servers.

## Background

After you start a data migration or synchronization task, the system automatically schedules related components to an available server in the backend. The new server meets the following requirements:

* The server has sufficient CPU, memory, and disk resources.

  The resource usage is regularly refreshed at an interval.
  
* The resources used by a server are within the granted quotas. In this case, you can adjust the quotas based on the configurations of the server:

  * If the server has sufficient resources, you can increase its quotas in the O\&M and monitoring module of the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console to start more tasks.

  * If the server has insufficient resources, you can decrease the quotas to limit the number of new tasks.

## Prerequisites

You have determined how to adjust the quotas for the server based on its resource usage.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** **\>** **Server**.

3. Click **Update** in the Actions column of the target server.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Server** , and the region column is not displayed.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter servers by region and update servers in the target region.

4. Modify the quota for a specific type of components.

   1. Set **Type** of the component whose quota you want to modify.

   2. Enter the new quota.

   3. Click **Update**.

      The updated quota is displayed in the component information of the server.
