# Start and pause a connector

The O\&M monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) allows you to stop and start a connector. You can stop a connector for troubleshooting, and the connector can be automatically or manually started after the problem is fixed.

## Start a connector

You need to manually start a connector in the **Stopped** state in the OMS console. By default, a connector is started in the region where the destination data source is located. When you start a connector, you can set a timestamp from which data is pulled.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components**.

3. On the **Components** page, click the **Connector** tab.

4. On the **Connectors** page, you can search for the connector that you want to start by connector name, synchronization task name or ID, or server IP address.

   * If the cluster is deployed in a single region, region information is displayed next to **Connector**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter connectors by region and start the connectors that are not running in the corresponding region.

5. Click **Start** in the Actions column of the connector.

6. In the dialog box that appears, set **Whether to Replay Data**.

7. Click **Start**.

## Pause a connector

If a connector encounters an exception such as high latency during operation, we recommend that you pause the connector and fix the problem.

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components**.

3. On the **Components** page, click the **Connector** tab.

4. On the **Connectors** page, you can search for the connector that you want to pause by connector name, synchronization task name or ID, or server IP address.

   * If the cluster is deployed in a single region, region information is displayed next to **Connector**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter connectors by region and pause connectors in the corresponding region.

5. Click **Pause** in the Actions column of the connector.

6. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
