# Migrate a connector

The O\&M and monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to migrate a Connector component in high availability scenarios.

## Limits

* You can migrate a Connector in a stopped or error state only when multiple servers are available in a high availability scenario.

* If no node is selected during the migration, the system automatically schedules the Connector to a server that has not experienced any performance bottleneck, but not necessarily with the lowest usage.

* If a node is selected during the migration, the tag and quota of the server can be ignored, but the server must be able to run the Connector.

## Scenarios

In high availability scenarios, you can migrate Connectors in the following cases:

* A server is replaced, and Connectors on the server need to be migrated to a new server.

* The number of task processes on a heavy-loaded server needs to be reduced for load balancing.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Components**.

3. On the **Components** page, click the **Connector** tab.

4. On the **Connector** tab, search for the target Connector by name, synchronization task, or IP address of the server.

   * If the cluster is deployed in a single region, region information is displayed next to **Connector**.

   * If the cluster is deployed in multiple regions, you can find the target region in the region column and migrate the Connector in the target region.

5. Click **Migrate** in the corresponding **Actions** column.

6. (Optional) In the dialog box that appears, select a node to which you want to migrate the Connector.

7. Click **Migrate**.
