# Go to the overview page

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition is a service that supports data interaction between OceanBase Community Edition and homogeneous or heterogeneous data sources. It supports online data migration and real-time synchronization of incremental data.

## Background

The OPS & Monitoring module of the OMS Community Edition console is specially designed for on-site O&M engineers. It enables visualized O&M operations for troubleshooting in an isolated network.

The OPS & Monitoring module provides the following features:

* Provides a GUI for O&M operations.

   You can view the status, TPS, and latency of each migration or synchronization component, and restart or stop the component on the GUI.

* Provides GUI-based monitoring features, such as the monitoring dashboard.

   You can monitor the resource usage and status of servers and components such as stores and connectors in real time, helping you identify and rectify data migration faults as soon as possible.

* Displays operational logs on the GUI.

   In traditional O&M scenarios, to troubleshoot a specific task or component, you must log on to the corresponding server and view the operational or error logs. However, OMS Community Edition enables you to view the logs in a specified path in the console, facilitating troubleshooting.

The overview page on the OPS & Monitoring module of the OMS Community Edition console displays the usage and total capacity of CPU, memory, and disk resources, as well as the running status and quantities of stores, connectors, JDBCWriters, and checkers.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Overview**.

3. On the **Overview** page, view the number of servers, CPU utilization, memory, and disk usage, and the status and numbers of components in the region.

   If your business system is deployed in multiple regions, you can click the tab of a region to view its details.

   The **Overview** page displays the status of the components corresponding to all OMS data migration projects in the region. This helps you perform routine O&M and task monitoring operations. You can view the information about the components in the following sections:

   * **Resource Usage**

      The **Resource Usage** section displays server resource utilization such as the CPU, memory, and disk usage, and the total number of servers in the current region. The memory and disk usage is displayed in GB.

      You can determine the resource usage of servers in the current region by analyzing the preceding information.

   * **Store**

      The **Store** section displays the total number of stores in the region, and the quantities of stores that are respectively in the **Running**, **Stopped**, and **Failed** state. To troubleshoot a store that is in error, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Store** in the left-side navigation pane.

      We recommend that you clear abnormal stores as soon as possible. For more information about the store component, see [View details of a store](../6.o-m-manual/3.components/1.store/2.view-store-details.md).

   * **Connector**

   The **Connector** section displays the total number of connectors in the region, and the number of connectors that are respectively in the **Running**, **Stopped**, and **Failed** state. To troubleshoot a connector that is in error, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Connector** in the left-side navigation pane.

   We recommend that you clear abnormal connectors as soon as possible. For more information about the connector component, see [View details of a connector](../6.o-m-manual/3.components/2.connector/1.view-connector-details.md).

   * **JDBCWriter**

      The **JDBCWriter** section displays the total number of JDBCWriters in the region, and the numbers of JDBCWriters that are respectively in the **Running**, **Stopped**, and **Failed** states. To troubleshoot a JDBCWriter that is in error, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **JDBCWriter** in the left-side navigation pane. For more information about the JDBCWriter component, see [View details of a JDBCWriter](../6.o-m-manual/3.components/3.jdbcwriter/1.view-jdbcwriter-details.md).

   * **Checker**

      The **Checker** section displays the total number of checkers in the region, and the numbers of checkers that are respectively in the **Running**, **Stopped**, and **Failed** states. To troubleshoot a checker that is in error, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Checker** in the left-side navigation pane. For more information about the checker component, see [View details of a checker](../6.o-m-manual/3.components/4.checker/1.view-checker-details.md).
