# Overview

This topic describes the background and restrictions for upgrading OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition to V3.3.1-CE.

## Background

OMS Community Edition support rollback during the upgrade. We recommend that you use a backup tool to back up the existing database, such as db_oms, to an SQL file such as db_oms_bak.sql before starting the upgrade. The new OMS Community Edition image will run on the original db_oms database, and the database backup file such as db_oms_bak.sql can be used for rollback.

> **Note:**
>
> If you do not have a handy backup tool, contact OMS Community Edition Technical Support for the documentation related to backup operations. In general, you can use mysqldump to export backup files.

Perform the following operations to upgrade OMS Community Edition:

1. If high availability (HA) is enabled, disable it first.

2. Back up the databases.

3. Start the container of OMS Community Edition V3.3.1-CE.

   The name of the MetaDB for the container of OMS Community Edition V3.3.1-CE must be the same as that of the MetaDB before the upgrade. In addition, the three disk mounting paths must be the same as those before the upgrade.

4. On the **System Parameters** page, enable HA, and configure the parameters.

5. Optional. Perform the rollback operation as needed.

## Restrictions

* OMS Community Edition support upgrade only from the previous version. The upgrade path is V3.2.2-CE > V3.3.0-CE > V3.3.1-CE.

* Before you start the upgrade, make sure that data is synchronized in real time between the source and destination in data migration and synchronization projects created by using the earlier version of OMS Community Edition, and that forward switchover of the projects is completed. We do not recommend that you use the new version of OMS Community Edition to perform the forward switchover.

* Before you upgrade OMS Community Edition V3.2.2-CE, you need to add the `dbType` parameter for the Connector component. Otherwise, the data synchronization projects cannot run. You must fix the issue after the upgrade. For more information, see [What do I do to resolve compatibility issues when I upgrade OMS Community Edition V3.2.2 to V3.3.1?](../7.upgrade-guide/4.faq.md)

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > If you use OMS Community Edition V3.3.0-CE and it contains data synchronization projects created by using OMS Community Edition V3.2.2-CE, the preceding issue may occur. You can fix it by using the same methods.
   >
   > You can check whether the `dbType` or `db_type` parameter exists in the Source configuration file of the Connector component. If any of the two parameters exists, no fix is required.

   Procedure:

   1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

   2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Connector**.

   3. On the **Connector** tab, click **Update** in the Actions column of the target connector.

   4. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, hover the pointer over the blank area on the right side of the **source** field and click **+** to add the `dbType` parameter.

   5. After the configuration is completed, click **Update**.

   If only one type of source databases exist on the host, you can perform the following operations:

   1. On the **Connector** tab, click **Batch O&M** in the upper-right corner.

   2. In the **Batch O&M** dialog box, click **Update**.

   3. After you select **IP** and specify the IP address, hover the pointer over the blank area on the right side of the **source** field in the **Configurations** section and click **+** to add the `dbType` parameter.

   4. After the configuration is completed, click **Submit**.
