# oms_host_down

## Impact on the system

When a host of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition is down, it becomes unavailable.

* If high availability is not enabled, related projects of the host fail.

* If high availability is enabled:

  * When another host is available, related projects of the host are migrated to the available host. In addition, a migration alert is triggered to prompt you to check the migration result.

  * When no other host is available, OMS Community Edition fails.

## Possible causes

* The host or Docker container is down for unknown reasons.

* The `oms_drc_supervisor` application is interrupted. You can run `supervisorctl` to check whether the application is interrupted.

* The network is disconnected.

## Solution

* If the `oms_drc_supervisor` application is interrupted, log on to the host and run `supervisorctl restart oms_drc_supervisor` to restart the application. If the application still fails, go to the `/home/admin/logs/supervisor` directory to view the error logs.

* In a high-availability environment with multiple hosts, enable the `enableHost` parameter and perform migration.

   > **Notice:**
   >
   > You can migrate only JDBCWriters and connectors but not full data.

   To enable the `enableHost` parameter, perform the following steps:

   1. Log on to the console of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

   2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** \> **System Parameters**.

   3. On the **System Parameters** page, find `ha.config`.

   4. Click the edit icon in the **Value** column of the parameter.

   5. In the **Modify Value** dialog box, change the value of `enableHost` to `true`.

   6. Click **OK**.

* If this alert is triggered by network disconnection or other causes, contact Technical Support of OMS Community Edition.
