# Deploy a time-series database (Optional)

If you need OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition to collect and display historical monitoring data, deploy a time-series database. This topic describes how to deploy a time-series database and the limits.

## Limits

* InfluxDB 1.8 is deployed as a time-series database.

* You need to use port 8086 to deploy a time-series database.

* The time-series database supports only the single-node deployment mode and does not provide high availability. You can deploy the time-series database and OMS Community Edition on the same host. When the service fails, monitoring data becomes unavailable.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the host where the time-series database is to be deployed.

2. Load the image of InfluxDB 1.8.

   [Click here](https://oms-images.oss-cn-shanghai.aliyuncs.com/current_branchs/influxdb_1.8.tar.gz) to download the InfluxDB image, and upload it to the host where the time-series database is to be deployed.

   ```shell
   sudo docker load -i {influxdb_image}
   ```

3. Start the Docker container and ensure that data can be written to the mounted data disk.

   ```shell
   sudo docker run  -dit -p 8086:8086 -p 14444:14444 \
   -v {Mounted data disk}:/var/lib/influxdb \
   --env INFLUXDB_BIND_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:14444 \
   --env INFLUXDB_HTTP_AUTH_ENABLED=true \
   --env INFLUXDB_HTTP_PING_AUTH_ENABLED=true \
   --name=oms-influxdb \
   influxdb:1.8
   ```

4. To enable authentication for the InfluxDB service, create an account and set the password.

   1. Access the InfluxDB container.

      ```shell
      docker exec -it ${INFLUXDB_NAME} bash
      ```

   2. Access the InfluxDB console.

      ```shell
      cd /usr/bin
      ./influx
      ```

   3. Create an account, set the password, and grant the admin privileges to the account.

      >**Notice:**
      >
      >* Before enabling authentication, you need to create an admin user.
      >
      >* Save the account and password for configuration of the `config.yaml` file.

      ```shell
      create user "${USER_NAME}" with password '${PASSWORD}' with all privileges
      ```

   4. View users.

      ```shell
      show users;
      ```

5. Exit the container where the time-series database resides.
