Data synchronization 
=========================================

This topic describes the features and scenarios of data synchronization in OceanBase Migration Service (OMS). 

Features 
-----------------------------

* Supports real-time data synchronization between two types of OceanBase Database tenants (Oracle and MySQL) and self-managed Kafka and RocketMQ instances.

  

* Supports real-time data synchronization between two types of OceanBase Database tenants (Oracle and MySQL) and Oracle, MySQL, and DataHub instances.

  

* Supports object name mapping at three levels: database, table, and column. 

  Objects that can be synchronized are tables and columns. You can select the to-be-synchronized objects as needed. OMS enables data synchronization between two objects in different columns, tables, or databases for the source and destination instances.
  

* Supports using message queue processing tools as the destination for data synchronization. 

  Supports real-time data synchronization between OceanBase physical tables and self-managed Kafka instances.
  

* Supports data filtering. 

  OMS allows you to filter post messages and to-be-synchronized data by DML type.
  

* Provides a comprehensive performance query system. 

  OMS provides data such as synchronization latency and current synchronization point, so you can easily view the performance of the synchronization link.
  

* Supports dynamic management of data synchronization tasks. 

  OMS supports dynamically adding data tables during the synchronization process and re-posting incremental data based on timestamps.
  




Scenarios 
------------------------------

The real-time data synchronization features of OMS are widely used in real-time data warehouse construction, data querying, report distribution, and other business scenarios.
