# Update the configurations of a checker

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to view and update the configurations of a specified checker. When you update the configurations, the current configurations of the checker are displayed by default. You can view the configurations of a checker or modify the configurations of a checker in any state.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component**.

3. On the **Component** page, click the **Checker** tab.

4. On the **Checker** tab, search for the target checker by checker name, server IP address, or migration project name or ID.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Checker**.

   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter checkers by region and update the configurations of checkers in the target region.

5. Click **Update** in the **Actions** column of the target checker.

6. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, hover the pointer over the parameter to be modified and click the edit icon that appears. For more information, see [Checker parameters](../../5.description-of-component-parameters/4.checker-parameters.md).

7. Modify the value in the text box and then click the confirm icon.

   You can update any key or value of the checker. You can also hover the pointer over the `extraConfig` parameter and click the add icon to add a key-value pair, for example, {"limitator.select.batch.max": "500"}.

8. Click **Update**.
