# Create a store

The OPS & Monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to create a store on the Stores page.

## Background

The Store component reads raw data from the source instance, then parses, filters, and formats the data, and finally persists the data on the local server. We recommend that you create a store in load balancing or other scenarios where data needs to be pulled. We recommend that you create a store in load balancing or other scenarios where data needs to be pulled.

* When the database logs still exist, the data generated a few days ago needs to be pulled.

   In this case, the current store for the data has expired, and restarting the current store may delay all downstream nodes. You need to create a store starting from a timestamp.

* Load balancing is required for a subtopic. The subtopic can be a cluster-, tenant-, or database-specific data source.

   This aims to prevent excessive downstream nodes from consuming the store resources, thus ensuring stability and reducing latency.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** **>** **Component**. The **Store** tab automatically appears.

3. On the **Store** tab, click **Add** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the **Add** dialog box, configure the parameters.

   | Parameter | Required | Description |
   |-----------|------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   | Subtopic | Yes | A cluster- or tenant-specific data source. Select a subtopic based on the specific task.  |
   | Node | No | The server on which the store is started. In standalone mode, only one server is deployed, and the store is created on that server by default. When no node is specified in high availability scenarios, the system automatically schedules the store to a server that has not experienced any performance bottleneck.  |
   | Timestamp | Yes | The point in time from which the store is started. Make sure that the database logs exist. Otherwise, the store may fail to start.  |

5. Click **Add**.
