# Update the configurations of a store

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) allows you to view and update the configurations of a specified store. When you update the configurations, the current configurations of the store are displayed by default. You can view or modify the configurations of the store.

## Limits

* OMS allows you to update the configurations of a store in the Running, Stopped, Abnormal, or Unexpected Exit state.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>Store configurations are usually updated in optimization or emergency scenarios. Exercise caution when you perform this operation. </p>
  </main>

* If the new configurations are incorrect, the store may run abnormally and the corresponding data migration or synchronization project may fail. You can contact OMS Technical Support as needed.

* After you update the configurations of a store, the system will restart the store for the update to take effect. Proceed with caution.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** **>** **Component**. The **Store** tab automatically appears.

3. On the **Store** tab, click **Update** in the Actions column of the target store.

   You can filter stores by region and update the configurations of stores in the target region.

4. In the **Update Configuration** dialog box, add a parameter or update the configurations. For more information, see [Store parameters](../../../1100.o-m-guide/400.component-tuning/200.tune-oracle-store.md).

   To add a store parameter, perform the following operations:

   1. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, move the pointer over the blank area next to the root parameter and click the add icon that appears.

   2. Specify **Key Name** and click the check icon.

   3. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, find the new key name. Its default value is NULL.

   4. Move the pointer over the new parameter and click the Edit icon that appears. Modify the parameter value and click the check icon.

   To update the configurations of a store, perform the following steps:

   1. In the **Update Configuration** dialog box, move the pointer over the parameter to be modified and click the Edit icon that appears.

   2. Modify the value in the text box and then click the confirm icon.

      The green tick specifies to update the value and the red cross specifies to cancel the modification.

5. In the **Update Configurations** dialog box, click **OK**.

    <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>The added or updated configurations are synchronized to the topic by default and will be used in subsequent store startups. </p>
    </main>

   For example, a data migration project has N stores, where N is greater than or equal to 1. If you update the configurations of one of the stores, the execution follows the following logic, and the configurations of other stores remain unchanged:

   1. The configurations of the store are updated.

   2. The configurations of the subtopics corresponding to the store are updated.
