# Start and pause a store

If the store corresponding to a data synchronization project fails, you can pause the store for troubleshooting and then restart the store. You can also stop and restart the store when an operational error occurs.

## Start a store

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to start a store in the **Stopped**, **Abnormal**, or **Unexpected Exit** state.

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** **>** **Component**. The **Store** tab automatically appears.

3. On the **Stores** page, click **Start** on the right of the target store, which must be in the **Abnormal** or **Stopped** state.

   You can filter stores by region and start the stores that are not running in the target region.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

## Pause a store

OMS Community Edition allows you to pause a store in the **Running** state.

  <main id="notice" type='notice'>
    <h4>Notice</h4>
    <p>Pausing a store may interrupt the data synchronization project and data migration project. Proceed with caution. </p>
  </main>

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** **>** **Store**. The **Stores** page automatically appears.

3. On the **Store** tab, click **Pause** in the Actions column of the target store.

   You can filter stores by region and pause the stores that are running in the target region.

4. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
