View project alerts 
========================================

This topic describes the monitoring range supported by the project alert feature. This topic also describes how to view the alerts against migration and synchronization projects created by all users. 

Background information 
-------------------------------------------

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) monitors events in migration and synchronization projects, such as the migration project failure, migration project delay, synchronization project failure, inconsistent synchronization project status, and synchronization project delay, and sends alerts to corresponding channels.

Procedure 
------------------------------

1. Log on to the OMS console.

   

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** \> **Alerts** . The **Project Alert Information** page appears. 

   By default, this page displays alerts of the last 7 days. In the upper-right corner of the page, you can select **Last 7 Days** , **Last 3 Weeks** , **Last Month** , or **Last 3 Months** from the drop-down list to view alerts within different ranges of time. You can also enter the alert ID or message content in the search box in the upper-right corner to search for an alert.

   You can filter alerts by using the **Alert Events** and **Sending Status** columns on the **Project Alert Information** page. You can also click the name of the project to which an alert message belongs to go to the page of the corresponding data migration or synchronization project. 
   * The following types of alert events are supported:

     * Migration project failure: For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_migration_failed](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/4.failed-to-oms_migration_failed-the-migration-project.md).

       
     
     * Migration project delay: For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_migration_delay](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/5.oms_migration_delay-migration-project-delayed.md).

       
     
     * Synchronization project failure: For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_sync_failed](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/6.failed-to-oms_sync_failed-the-data-synchronization-task.md).

       
     
     * Inconsistent synchronization project status: For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_sync_status_inconsistent](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/7.the-status-of-the-oms_sync_status_inconsistent-synchronization-project-is-inconsistent.md).

       
     
     * Synchronization project delay: For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_sync_delay](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/8.oms_sync_delay-synchronization-delay.md).

       
     

     
   
   * An alert can be in one of the following sending status:

     * Pending: The alert is waiting for its sending to be scheduled.

       
     
     * Failed: The alert failed to be sent to the destination channel due to network issues or other unknown reasons.

       
     
     * Successful: The alert is sent to the destination channel, such as OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP).

       
     
     * Completed: If the alert is not triggered within 3 hours, the alert status becomes Completed.

       
     
     * Sent again: The alert is sent again because the last sending failed.

       
     

     
   

   



