View system alerts 
=======================================

This topic describes the monitoring range supported by the system alert feature. This topic also describes how to view system alerts. 

Background information 
-------------------------------------------

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) monitors system events, such as the OMS host failure, resource usage over thresholds, and downtime migration, and sends alerts to corresponding channels.

Procedure 
------------------------------

1. Log on to the OMS console.

   

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** \> **Alerts** .

   

3. On the **Alerts** page, click the **System Alert Information** tab. 

   By default, the **System Alert Information** page displays alerts of the last 7 days. In the upper-right corner of the page, you can select **Last 7 Days** , **Last 3 Weeks** , **Last Month** , or **Last 3 Months** from the drop-down list to view alerts within different ranges of time. You can also enter the alert ID or message content in the search box in the upper-right corner to search for an alert.

   You can filter alerts by using the **Alert Events** and **Sending Status** columns on the **System Alert Information** page. 
   * The following types of alert events are supported:

     * OMS host failure. For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_host_down](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/1.oms_host_down-oms-machine-downtime-alert.md).

       
     
     * Usage of resources on the OMS host over thresholds. For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_host_threshold](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/3.oms_host_threshold-oms-threshold-alerts-for-machines.md).

       
     
     * OMS downtime migration. For more information about how to handle this alert, see [oms_host_down_migrate_resource](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/2.oms_host_down_migrate_resource-oms-alerts-for-instance-downtime-during-migration.md)[oms_host_down_migrate_resource](/en-US/7.alarm-reference-1/2.oms_host_down_migrate_resource-oms-alerts-for-instance-downtime-during-migration.md).

       
     

     
   
   * An alert can be in one of the following sending status:

     * Pending: The alert is waiting for its sending to be scheduled.

       
     
     * Failed: The alert failed to be sent to the destination channel due to network issues or other unknown reasons.

       
     
     * Successful: The alert is sent to the destination channel, such as OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP).

       
     
     * Completed: If the alert is not triggered within 3 hours, the alert status becomes Completed.

       
     
     * Sent again: The alert is sent again because the last sending failed.

       
     

     
   

   

   You can also click the host node of the alert to view details on the **Server** page. For more information, see [View server information](/en-US/6.o-m-manual/3.machine/1.view-server-information.md).
   



