# Create a store

The OPS & Monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition allows you to create a store on the Store tab.

## Background

We recommend that you create a store in load balancing or other scenarios where data needs to be pulled.

* When the database logs still exist, the data generated a few days ago needs to be pulled.

   In this case, the current store for the data has expired, and restarting the current store may delay all downstream nodes. You need to create a store starting from a timestamp.

* Load balancing is required for a subtopic. The subtopic can be a cluster-, tenant-, or database-specific data source.

   This aims to prevent excessive downstream nodes from consuming the store resources, thus ensuring stability and reducing latency.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** **>** **Component**. The **Store** tab automatically appears.

3. On the **Store** tab, click **Add** in the upper-right corner.

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Store**.

   * For multi-region deployment, the Region column is displayed on the **Store** tab after you add a store.

4. In the **Add** dialog box, configure the parameters.

   | Parameter | Required | Description |
   |-----------|------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   | Subtopic | Yes | The data source of the cluster or tenant dimension. In the store of a data migration project, the subtopic will contain the project ID. You can select the subtopic based on the data migration project ID.  |
   | Node | No | The server on which the store is started. In standalone mode, only one server is deployed, and the store is created on that server by default. When no node is specified in high availability scenarios, the system automatically schedules the store to a server that has not experienced any performance bottleneck.  |
   | Timestamp | Yes | The point in time from which the store is started.  Make sure that the database logs exist. Otherwise, the store may fail to start.  |

5. Click **Add**.
