oms_host_down 
==================================



Impact on the system 
-----------------------------------------

When an OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) host is down, it becomes unavailable.

* If high availability (HA) is not enabled, related projects of the host fail.

  

* If HA is enabled:

  * When another host is available, related projects of the host are migrated to the available host. In addition, a migration alert is triggered to prompt you to check the migration result.

    
  
  * When no other host is available, OMS fails.

    
  

  




Possible causes 
------------------------------------

* The host or Docker container is down for unknown reasons.

  

* The `oms_drc_supervisor` application is interrupted. You can run `supervisorctl` to check whether the application is interrupted.

  

* The network is disconnected.

  




Solution 
-----------------------------

* If the `oms_drc_supervisor` application is interrupted, log on to the host and run `supervisorctl restart oms_drc_supervisor` to restart the application. If the application still fails, go to the `/home/admin/logs/supervisor` directory to view the error logs.

  

* In an HA environment with multiple hosts, enable the `enableHost` configuration item and perform migration. 

  **Notice**

  

  You can migrate only JDBCWriter and Connector but not full data.

  To enable the `enableHost` configuration item, perform the following steps:
  1. Log on to the OMS console.

     
  
  2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **System Management** \> **System Parameters** .

     
  
  3. On the **System Parameters** page, find `ha.config`.

     
  
  4. Click the edit icon next to **Value** of the parameter name.

     
  
  5. In the **Modify Value** dialog box, change the value of `enableHost` to `true`.

     
  
  6. Click **OK** .

     
  

  

* If this alert is triggered by network disconnection or other causes, contact technical support engineers of OMS.

  



