What is OMS? 
=================================

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) is a service that supports data interaction between OceanBase Database and homogeneous or heterogeneous Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS). It supports online data migration and real-time synchronization of incremental data. 

OMS provides a visualized and centralized management platform. You can migrate data in real time with simple configurations. OMS aims to help you achieve real-time data migration and synchronization from homogeneous or heterogeneous databases to OceanBase Database at a low cost and low risk. 

OMS has the following benefits:

* Support for multiple sources

  OMS supports data transfer between OceanBase Database and multiple data terminals, such as MySQL and Kafka. The features that OMS provides can be different depending on the types of source and destination terminals.
  

* Real-time data migration without interrupting or affecting applications

  You can use OMS to seamlessly migrate data to OceanBase Database without interrupting your application. After the application is migrated to OceanBase Database, all the changed data in OceanBase Database is synchronized to the original source database in real time. 

  OMS minimizes the risks of business migration and helps enterprise users build data architectures with high availability and reliability.
  

* High-performance, secure, and reliable data migration

  OMS replicates large amounts of data between heterogeneous IT infrastructures in real time with millisecond-level latency. Therefore, OMS can be applied to multiple scenarios, such as data migration, inter-city data backup for disaster recovery, emergency systems, real-time data synchronization, disaster recovery, and database upgrade and migration. 

  OMS allows you to migrate and synchronize data without affecting or interrupting your business applications. It also ensures data integrity and transaction consistency.
  

* Real-time data synchronization to facilitate business decoupling

  OMS supports real-time data synchronization between OceanBase tenants and user-created Kafka and RocketMQ. It can be applied to business scenarios such as real-time data warehouse construction, data query, and report distribution. 

  



