Benefits 
=============================

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) is an OceanBase service that supports data transfer between OceanBase Database and a heterogeneous relational database management system (RDBMS). It allows you to migrate existing data and synchronize incremental data in real time.

Features 
-----------------------------

* Support for multiple sources

  OMS supports data transfer between OceanBase Database and multiple data terminals, such as MySQL and Kafka. The features that OMS provides can be different depending on the types of source and destination terminals.
  

* Compatibility evaluation and improvement

  OMS can evaluate the object compatibility between OceanBase Database and heterogeneous databases for data migration and provide suggestions on how to improve the compatibility. This makes business migration and compatibility improvement much easier.
  

* One-stop interaction

  OMS allows you to manage data migration throughout its whole lifecycle. You can create, configure, and monitor data migration tasks on the visual management page.
  

* Multiple data consistency checks

  OMS provides multiple data consistency checks to ensure data quality. It displays differences in data to help you fix errors.
  




Core values 
--------------------------------

* Convenient data migration to or from OceanBase Database

  OMS supports the features of every version of OceanBase Database. It collects and converts database objects and supports data migration without interrupting the services of the source database.
  

* High performance

  OMS supports full migration at a speed of 100 MB/s, processing 200,000 transactions per second (TPS), and processing 50,000 data synchronization requests per second (RPS).
  

* Security and reliability

  OMS provides a high-availability deployment architecture as well as stable and reliable transmission channels for data migration and real-time synchronization.
  



