Delete a connector 
=======================================

To reduce redundant connectors and save resources, you can delete stopped connectors. 

Limits 
---------------------------

* You can delete only connectors corresponding to projects in the Stopped state.

  

* You cannot delete connectors corresponding to projects in the Running state.

  

* If an error is reported when a data synchronization project is running, the project and corresponding connectors need to be deleted before a new synchronization project is created.

  




Prerequisites 
----------------------------------

You have stopped the connector. For more information, see [Stop or start a connector](/en-US/6.o-m-manual/4.component/2.Connector/2.stop-or-start-the-connector.md).

Prerequisites 
----------------------------------

You have stopped the connector.

Procedure 
------------------------------

1. Log on to the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) console.

   

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** **\>** **Components** .

   

3. On the **Components** page, click the **Connector** tab.

   

4. On the **Connector** page, you can search for the target connector by connector name, IP address, or data synchronization project. 

   * For single-region deployment, the region information is displayed on the right of **Connector** .

     
   
   * For multi-region deployment, you can filter connectors by region and delete connectors in the target region.

     
   

   

5. Click **Delete** in the Actions column of the target connector.

   

6. In the dialog box that appears, enter **delete** and then click **Delete** .

   




