Product updates 
====================================

This topic describes the major changes and features of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) V3.3.0. 

New data migration features 
------------------------------------------------

* Supports data migration from a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database to a DB2 for LUW database. For more information, see [Create a project to migrate data from a MySQL tenant of OceanBase Database to a DB2 for LUW database](/en-US/5.user-guide/5.data-migration-1/5.migration-solution/8.migrate-data-from-an-oceanbase-mysql-database-to-a-db2.md).

  

* Allows you to specify whether to create non-unique indexes after the full migration is completed when you create a data migration project. This improves the performance of full data migration.

  

* Supports more DDL statements for incremental migration when you migrate data from an Oracle database to an Oracle tenant of OceanBase Database. This improves core capabilities of OMS.

  




New data synchronization features 
------------------------------------------------------

* Supports schema and full synchronization when you synchronize data from an OceanBase database to a Kafka instance of Kafka V2.x and other versions. For more information, see [Create a project to synchronize data from an OceanBase database to a Kafka instance](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/3.create-a-synchronization-channel/1.create-a-data-synchronization-link-from-oceanbase-to-the-on-premises.md).

  

* Supports schema, full, and incremental synchronization from an OceanBase, MySQL, DataBase Proxy (DBP), or IDB data source to an unstructured DataHub instance. For more information, see the following topics:

  * [Create a project to synchronize data from an OceanBase database to a DataHub instance](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/3.create-a-synchronization-channel/3.synchronize-data-from-apsaradb-for-oceanbase-to-datahub.md)

    
  
  * [Create a project to synchronize data from a MySQL database to a DataHub instance](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/3.create-a-synchronization-channel/8.create-a-project-for-synchronizing-data-from-a-mysql-instance.md)

    
  
  * [Create a project to synchronize data from a DBP logical table to a DataHub instance](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/3.create-a-synchronization-channel/5.create-a-data-synchronization-project-for-a-dbp-logical-table.md)

    
  
  * [Create a project to synchronize data from an IDB logical table to a DataHub instance](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/3.create-a-synchronization-channel/7.create-a-project-for-synchronizing-idb-logical-tables-to-datahub.md)

    
  

  

* Supports five general JSON data formats. For more information, see [Data formats](/en-US/5.user-guide/6.data-synchronization-1/2.data-format-description.md).

  




Data source management 
-------------------------------------------

Starting from this version, a physical OceanBase data source can be added without being associated with an OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP) cluster. This enables OMS to support more business scenarios. For more information, see [Add a physical OceanBase data source](/en-US/5.user-guide/3.manage-data-sources/1.add-a-data-source/1.add-an-oceanbase-data-source-1/1.add-an-oceanbase-data-source.md).

Enhanced security 
--------------------------------------

* Supports a user with multiple Admin roles. For more information, see [User management](/en-US/5.user-guide/7.system-management/1.user-management.md).

  

* You must change the default password when you log on to the OMS console with the Admin account for the first time. For more information, see [Log on to the OMS console](/en-US/5.user-guide/1.management-console/1.data-overview.md).

  

* Supports secure HTTPS access to the OMS console. For more information, see Deployment Guide.

  




Upgrade rollback 
-------------------------------------

Supports rollback during the OMS upgrade to guarantee security. For more information, see Upgrade Guide.
