# Overview

This topic describes the system requirements and resource configuration specifications for deploying OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition. 


## System requirements

### OS

OMS Community Edition can be deployed only on Linux-based servers.  

### Ports

The following table describes the ports required for deploying OMS Community Edition on a server. Before installation, make sure that these ports are unoccupied and the port strategies are enabled. 

* The host where OMS Community Edition is to be deployed must provide the following ports. 

  |     Port  |    Description   |
  |-----------|------------|
  | 8089      | The ports used to connect to the OMS console.    |
  | 2023      | The SSHD service port.         |
  | 8084      | The port used to access the web page of supervisorctl.  |
  | 8088      | The port used to connect to the OMS cluster management (CM) module, whose name is `oms_drc_cm` in supervisorctl.  |
  | 9000/9001   | The ports for the agent process of the host.   |
  | 16000\~16499 17000\~17499 18000\~18499  <br>7100\~7499 | The ports that are randomly allocated to OMS components.   |

* If InfluxDB is deployed, make sure that port 8086 is available for InfluxDB on the host where InfluxDB is deployed. 
  
### NTP service

Before you deploy OMS, make sure that the NTP service is provided and enabled on the OMS MetaDB and all OMS hosts, clocks of hosts are synchronized, and the database time zone and host time zone are consistent. 

### Network connectivity

Make sure that the OMS hosts are connected to OBProxies, OBServers, OceanBase Cloud Platform (OCP), and data sources involved in migration or synchronization. 

## Resource configuration specifications

* The following table shows standard resource specifications for basic services and database management.

  | Resource type/component | Basic service |  Database management |  Total  |
  |---------|------|------|------|
  | CPU     | 1C   | 4C   | 5C   |
  | Memory  | 1G   | 7G   | 8G   |
  | Disk    | 100G | 100G | 200G |

* The following table shows standard resource specifications of OMS Community Edition components for the data migration from a MySQL database to an OceanBase database Community Edition. 

  | Resource type/component |                Store                | JDBCWriter | Checker |          Total           |
  |---------|-------------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------------|
  | CPU     | 4C                                  | 2C         | 2C      | 8C                    |
  | Memory  | 8G                                  | 8G         | 4G      | 20G                   |
  | Disk    | 取决于源端数据库增量日志的生产速度和 OMS 社区版中增量数据的保存时间 | 5G         | 5G      | \>10G |


### Resource specifications

* Components for full operations
  
  A data migration link consists of incremental synchronization components (stores and JDBCWriters), full migration components (Checker-Full), and full verification components (Checker-Verify). During data migration, the processes of Checker-Full and Checker-Verify do not coexist. Therefore, only one of them is taken into account in the estimation of resource consumption. 
  

* Disk estimation
  
  Most disk resources of OMS are used to cache incremental logs in OMS. Incremental data can be pulled and then migrated. If 1 TB of logs are achieved per day, OMS parses less than 1 TB of business data. Therefore, we recommend that you estimate the required disk resources based on the OMS log cache at a ratio of 1:1. 