# Overview

This topic describes the precautions and methods for deploying OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) of the current version.

## Deploy OMS on a single node

OMS deployed on a single node can provide all OMS features. If you do not need to use a high-availability environment, you can deploy OMS on a single node. For more information, see [Deploy OMS on a single node](../2.deployment-guide/6.deploy-oms-on-a-single-node.md).

## Deploy OMS on multiple nodes in a single region

You can deploy OMS on multiple nodes to achieve high availability (HA). In the HA deployment architecture, each OMS node provides all OMS features, and the backend task framework implements distributed scheduling based on the database. When an OMS node becomes unavailable, the framework automatically schedules tasks to other available OMS nodes. OMS also supports the deployment on multiple nodes in a single region. For more information, see [Deploy OMS on multiple nodes in a single region](../2.deployment-guide/6.deploy-oms-on-a-single-node.md).

**Note:**

HA does not enable the automatic restoration of the checker.

We recommend that you apply multi-node deployment in the production environment.

## Deploy OMS on multiple nodes in multiple regions

OMS supports multi-region deployment. You can deploy OMS across multiple regions. For more information, see [Deploy OMS on multiple nodes in multiple regions](../2.deployment-guide/8.deploy-oms-on-multiple-nodes-in-multiple-regions.md).

## Precautions

* If you use OMS to collect and display historical monitoring data, you need to deploy an InfluxDB database.

* By default, HA is disabled in OMS. To enable HA, go to the OMS console, find the `ha.config` parameter, and set the `enable` parameter to `true`. For more information, see [Modify HA configurations](../3.user-guide/7.system-management/4.system-parameters/2.modify-ha-configurations.md).
