# Check the deployment

After you deploy OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition on the server, access Docker and check the service status to determine whether OMS Community Edition is properly operating on the server.

## Procedure

1. Enter the Docker container.

   ```shell
   docker exec -it ${CONTAINER_NAME} bash
   ```

   **Notice**

   `CONTAINER_NAME` represents the name of the container.

2. Run the `supervisorctl status` command to obtain the output information. Make sure that the status of each service is RUNNING.

   In this case, OMS Community Edition is properly operating in the environment.

   ```shell
   # supervisorctl status
   nginx                            RUNNING   pid 905, uptime 3 days, 5:40:09
   oms_console                      RUNNING   pid 907, uptime 3 days, 5:39:59
   oms_drc_cm                       RUNNING   pid 971, uptime 3 days, 5:39:49
   oms_drc_supervisor               RUNNING   pid 1223, uptime 3 days, 5:39:38
   sshd                             RUNNING   pid 1419, uptime 3 days, 5:39:27
   ```

   OMS Community Edition consists of control components and data migration components. The control components are the OMS Community Edition console, cluster management (CM) service, and supervisor. If a control component fails to start, memory issues may have occurred. You can modify the startup configuration of the control component by performing the following operations:

   1. Check whether the control component is started based on the output information of the startup operation.

   2. Enter the `/etc/supervisor/conf.d/` directory and execute the `ll` command to view the names of initialization files of control components.

      ```shell
      # cd /etc/supervisor/conf.d/
      # ll
      total 20
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 285 Jan 13 15:37 base.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 338 Jan 13 15:37 drc_cm.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 397 Jan 13 15:37 drc_supervisor.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 351 Jan 13 15:37 oms_console.ini
      -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 316 Jan 13 15:37 oms_nginx.ini
      ```

   3. Run one of the following `cat` commands as needed to view the startup script of the component. In the returned information of the command, the startup script is displayed after bash.

      * Run the `cat oms_console.ini` command to view the startup script for the OMS console. Sample script: `/home/admin/conf/command/start_oms_console.sh`.

      * Run the `cat drc_cm.ini` command to view the startup script for the CM service. Sample script: `/home/admin/conf/command/start_oms_cm.sh`.

      * Run the `cat drc_supervisor.ini` command to view the startup script for the supervisor. Sample script: `/home/ds/supervisor/service.sh`.

   4. Find the startup script for the corresponding control component, and modify the JVM memory settings.

   5. Run the `supervisorctl restart` command to restart the control component.

      If the execution of the `docker_init.sh` script fails, you can modify the configuration and execute the script again.
  
3. Log on to the OMS console and go to the **Servers** page to check whether the number of servers are as expected.

   For more information, see the topics "Log on to the OMS Community Edition console" and "View server information" in OMS Community Edition User Guide.
