# Data migration process

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) provides the data migration feature to help you migrate data from other data sources to OceanBase Database online in real time. OMS also provides the following features: data verification, synchronization link switching, and migration project clearing.

The OMS server needs to be connected to both the source instance and the destination instance. To start a data migration project, configure the source and destination databases and select the tables to be migrated.

To create and manage a data migration project, perform the following steps:

1. Prepare for data migration.

   Before you migrate data by using OMS, create a user in the source or destination database and authorize the user. For more information, see [Create and authorize a database user](../800.create-and-manage-data-sources/300.create-a-database-user.md).

2. Add a data source.

   In the OMS console, add the source and destination databases as data sources. For more information, see [Create a data source](../800.create-and-manage-data-sources/100.create-a-data-source/200.create-a-mysql-data-source.md).

3. Create a data migration project.

   Specify the source database, destination database, migration type, and tables to be migrated in the migration project. A data migration project consists of the following steps:

   1. Data migration

      OMS automatically runs the data migration project without any human intervention in the interim. You do not need to start, suspend, or interrupt the process.

   2. Data verification

      After the data migration is completed, you can verify the data integrity and accuracy.

   3. Synchronization link switching

      Before your business is applied to the destination database, you can switch the synchronization link to create a synchronization link from the destination database to the source database.

4. Switch your business to the source database.

   Create a rollback plan before you switch your business, to reduce the impact of data migration on your business.

5. Optional. View the status of the data migration project.

   On the migration project monitoring page, you can view the link details and monitor the migration project status in real time. For more information, see [View details of a data migration project](../600.data-migration/1500.manage-data-migration-projects/100.view-details-of-a-data-migration-project.md).

6. Optional. Stop and release the data migration project.

   After the data migration project is completed and data no longer needs to be synchronized from the source database to the destination database, you can clear the current data migration project. For more information, see [Delete a data migration project](../600.data-migration/1500.manage-data-migration-projects/600.release-and-delete-a-data-migration-project.md).
