# Go to the overview page

OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition supports online data migration and real-time synchronization of incremental data. 

The overview page in the O\&M monitoring module of the OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition console displays the CPU utilization, memory usage, disk usage, and total number of servers, and the status and number of Store, Connector, JDBCWriter, and Checker components. 

## Background information

The O\&M and monitoring module of the OMS Community Edition console is specially designed for on-site O\&M engineers. It provides visualized O\&M operations for troubleshooting in an isolated network. 

The O\&M and monitoring module provides the following features:

* Provides visualized O\&M operations. 

  You can view the status, TPS, and latency of each migration or synchronization component, and restart or stop the component.
  

* Provides visualized monitoring based on the monitoring dashboard. 

  You can monitor the resource usage and status of servers and components such as Store and Connector in real time, helping you identify and rectify data migration or synchronization faults as soon as possible.
  

* Displays operational logs. 

  In traditional O\&M scenarios, to troubleshoot a specific task or component, you must log on to the corresponding server and view the operational or error logs. However, OMS Community Edition enables you to view the logs in a specified path in the console, facilitating troubleshooting.

## Procedure 

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Overview**.

3. On the **Overview** page, view the number of servers, CPU utilization, memory and disk usage, and the status and number of all components in the region. 

   If your business system is deployed in multiple regions, you can click the tab of a region to view its details. 

   The **Overview** page displays the status of the components corresponding to all OMS Community Edition data migration and synchronization tasks in the region. This helps you perform routine O\&M and task monitoring operations. You can view the information about the components in the following sections:

      * **Server** 

        The **Server** section displays server resource utilization such as the CPU, memory, and disk usage, and the total number of servers in the current region. The memory and disk usage is displayed in GB. 

        You can determine the resource usage of servers in the current region by analyzing the preceding information.
   
   * **Store** 

        The **Store** section displays the total number of store components in the region, and the number of store components that are in the **Running**, **Stopped**, or **Failed** state. To troubleshoot a store component that is in error, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Store** in the left-side navigation pane. 
   
   * **Connector** 

        The **Connector** section displays the total number of connector components in the region, and the number of connector components that are in the **Running**, **Stopped**, or **Failed** state. To troubleshoot a connector component that is in error, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Connector** in the left-side navigation pane. 

   * **JDBCWriter** 

        The **JDBCWriter** section displays the total number of JDBCWriter components in the region, and the number of JDBCWriter components that are in the **Running**, **Stopped**, or **Failed** state. To troubleshoot a JDBCWriter component that is in error, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **JDBCWriter** in the left-side navigation pane. 
   
   * **Checker** 

      The **Checker** section displays the total number of checker components in the region, and the number of checker components that are in the **Running**, **Stopped**, or **Failed** state. To troubleshoot a checker component that is in error, choose **O\&M and Monitoring** \> **Checker** in the left-side navigation pane. 