# Paths of component logs

This topic describes the paths for key logs of the Console, CM, Supervisor, Store, Sonnector, JDBCWriter, and Checker components.

## Console

Logs of the Console component are stored at `/home/admin/logs/ghana/Ghana`.

* `common-default.log`: records info logs.

* `common-error.log`: records error logs.

* `oms-scheduler.log`: records scheduling logs.

* `oms-step`: records step execution logs.

* `oms-api.log`: records logs of external API calls.

* `database.log`: records database call logs.

* `oms-web.log`: records Console access logs.

* `oms-alarm.log`: records alert logs.

* `dbcat.log`: records schema migration logs.

## CM (for cluster resource management)

Logs of the CM component are stored at `/home/admin/logs/cm/log`.

* `logs.log`: records daily controller logs.

* `service.log`: records service logs.

## Supervisor

Logs of the Supervisor component are stored at `/home/admin/logs/supervisor`.

* `command.log`: records command execution logs.

* `common-default.log`: records info logs.

* `common-error.log`: records error logs.

* `job.log`: records job scheduling logs.

* `request.log`: records request logs.

## Store

Store logs are stored in `/home/ds/store/{storeport}/logs`. To obtain `storeport`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the console of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target data migration project to go to its details page.

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding store. You can obtain port information from the component ID.

You can log on to the console of OMS Community Edition and view Store logs in either of the following ways:

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target component and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

* Choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Store**. On the page that appears, click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column the target store and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

Store logs are recorded in the `liboblog.log`, `store.log`, and `congo.log` files.

* `liboblog.log`: records capturing logs of stores in OceanBase Database.

* `store.log` and `congo.log`: record logs at the framework layer.

## Connector

Connector logs are stored at `/home/ds/run/{connectorName}/log`. To obtain `connectorName`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. On the **Data Synchronization** page, click the name of the target data synchronization project to go to its details page.

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding connector.

You can log on to the console of OMS Community Edition and view Connector logs in either of the following ways:

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target component and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

* Choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Connector**. On the page that appears, click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target connector and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

Connector logs are recorded in the following files:

* `connector.log`: records info logs at the framework layer.

* `error.log`: records error logs at the framework layer.

* `metrics-xxx.log`: records metric logs.

* `plugin-connector.log`: records info logs at the component layer.

* `plugin-error.log`: records error logs at the component layer.

* `msg/connector_source_msg.log`: records messages indicating that data is successfully read from the source database.

* `msg/connector_sink_msg.log`: records messages indicating that data is successfully written to the destination database.

* `msg/connector_msg.log`: records heartbeat messages.

## JDBCWriter

Logs of the JDBCWriter component are stored at `/home/ds/run/{jdbcwriterName}/log`. To obtain `jdbcwriterName`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target data migration project to go to its details page.

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding JDBCWriter component.

You can log on to the console of OMS Community Edition and view the logs of the JDBCWriter component in either of the following ways:

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target component and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

* Choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **JDBCWriter**. On the page that appears, click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target component and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

Logs of the JDBCWriter component are recorded in the following files:

* `Link ID under the root directory of the link.out`: records project startup logs.

* `logs/plugin-connector.log`: records logs generated in third-party JAR packages.

* `logs/msg/sql_msg.log`: records slow DML statements whose execution time is longer than 15 ms.

* `logs/msg/ddl_msg.log`: records received DDL statements, including DDL statements before and after etransfer and DDL statements for compensation (to add special columns and indexes).

* `logs/msg/metrics.log`: records metric logs.

* `logs/msg/manual_table.log`: records tables to which special columns and indexes are added. Before reverse migration, you must delete the special columns and indexes from the tables.

* `logs/error.log`: records error logs of the project.

* `logs/warn.log`: records alert logs of the project, including logs generated in etransfer, un-updated data content in case of primary key conflicts, and prompts for large transaction splitting.

* `logs/jdbc-connector.log`: records configuration parameters of the project.

* `logs/plugin-error.log`: records error logs in third-party JAR packages.

## Checker

Checker logs are stored at `/home/ds/run/{checkerName}/log`. To obtain `checkerName`, perform the following steps:

1. Log on to the console of OMS Community Edition.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Migration**.

3. On the **Data Migration** page, click the name of the target data migration project to go to its details page.

4. Click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner to view the ID of the corresponding checker.

You can log on to the console of OMS Community Edition and view Checker logs in either of the following ways:

* Go to the **View Component Monitoring** page. Click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target component and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

* Choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **Component** > **Checker**. On the page that appears, click the **More** icon in the **Actions** column of the target checker and choose **View Logs** from the drop-down list.

Checker logs are recorded in the following files:

* `error.log`: records error logs of the project.

* `metrics.log`: records metric logs of the project.

* `task.log`: records runtime logs of the project.

Critical log files:

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/heartbeat`

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/overview-running`

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/overview-done`

* `/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/overview-failed`

Verification result file:

`/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/{schema}/diff/{tablename}.diff`

SQL script correction file:

`/home/ds/run/{taskname}/[migrate|verify]/{subid}/{schema}/sql/{tablename}.sql`
