# View O&M tasks

The OPS & Monitoring module of OceanBase Migration Service (OMS) records O&M operations as O&M tasks and executes them asynchronously. An O&M task records the task type, operator, operation object, result, creation time, and completion time of the corresponding O&M operation, to facilitate operation tracing, determine the operation process and result, and retry the operation if it fails.

## Background

The **O&M Tasks** page displays the task ID, task type, operator, operation object, creation time, completion time, and status of each O&M task. All O&M tasks are displayed by default. You can search for a specific O&M task by task type, creation time, operation object, or operator.

An O&M task can be in any of the following states:

* **Initializing**: The task is just created and no subtask node is created for the task.

* **Ready**: The task and its subtask nodes are created.

* **In Progress**: The subtask nodes under the task are being processed.

* **Successful**: The O&M operation is successful.

* **Failed**: The O&M operation failed. For such a task, go to the details page of task, and perform a corresponding operation. The following operations are available: **Skip** and **Retry**.

## Procedure

1. Log on to the OMS console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **OPS & Monitoring** > **O&M Tasks**.

3. Search for a specific O&M task by operation type, creation time, operation object, or operator.

   You can search for an O&M task by multiple criteria. Task information is displayed in the following columns: **ID**, **Task Type**, **Operator**, **Object**, **Creation Time**, **Completion Time**, and **Status**.

4. Click the ID of the target O&M task to go to its details page.

   The details page displays the basic information and task list of the O&M task. You can view the status of subtasks in the task list. If a task fails, you can retry or skip this task or its subtasks.

5. In the **Tasks** section, expand the task to view its subtasks.
