# View details of a data synchronization project

After you start a data synchronization project, you can go to its details page to view its basic information, synchronization details, component monitoring, and synchronization objects. 

## Go to the details page 

1. Log on to the OMS Community Edition console.

2. In the left-side navigation pane, click **Data Synchronization**.

3. Click the name of the target data synchronization project to go to its details page. 

   On the details page, you can view the basic information, synchronization details, synchronization objects, and component monitoring of the project.

## View basic information 

The **Basic Information** section displays the basic information of the data synchronization project. 

|            **Field**            |     **Description**      |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ID                              | The unique ID of the data synchronization project.                                     |
| Project Type                    | The type of the data synchronization project.                          |
| Created By                      | The user who created the data synchronization project.                          |
| Creation Time                   | The time when the data synchronization project was created.                  |

## View synchronization details

In the **Synchronization Details** section, you can view the information about schema synchronization, incremental log pulling, full synchronization, and incremental synchronization. Schema synchronization creates a topic. After the schema synchronization is completed, you can query the new topic. 

The **Incremental Synchronization** section displays the **Latency** and **Current Timestamp** of the data synchronization project. The information helps you understand the project status, providing a reference for you to monitor the project performance. 

The **Incremental Synchronization Performance** section displays the latency and traffic of incremental data synchronization in real time. You can view changes of synchronization performance by period and in real time. 

**Synchronization Latency** displays the status and latency of the Store, Writer, and Connector components. **Synchronization Traffic** displays the TPS and IOPS of the JDBCWriter component. In the upper-right corner of the **Incremental Synchronization Performance** section, you can filter synchronized incremental data by **Last 1 Hour**, **Last 24 Hours**, **Last 7 Days**, or a custom period of time.

## View and modify synchronization objects 

On the details page of the data synchronization project, click **View Synchronization Objects** in the upper-right corner to view synchronization objects of the project. 

When you synchronize data from OceanBase Database to a RocketMQ or Kafka instance, you can modify the synchronization objects of a paused data synchronization project. 

1. Pause the data synchronization project. 

   If the target project has been paused, skip this step. 

   1. On the details page of the target project, click **Pause** in the upper-right corner.

   2. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

2. On the details page of the target project, click **View Synchronization Objects** in the upper-right corner.

3. In the **View Synchronization Objects** dialog box, click **Modify Synchronization Objects** in the lower-right corner.

4. In the **Modify Synchronization Objects** dialog box, add or remove the target object. 

   You can also move the pointer over the target object in the **Destination Objects** list, and change the topic or set ETL options.

5. Click **OK**.

## View component monitoring 

On the details page of the data synchronization project, click **View Component Monitoring** in the upper-right corner. You can view the information about the Store and Connector components.

* You can view the **ID**, **Earliest Timestamp**, **Current Timestamp**, and **Status** of the **Store** component. You can perform the following operations:

    * Start the component: Click **Start** for the component. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
  
    * Pause the component: Click **Pause** for the component. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

    * Update the component: Click **Update** for the component. On the **Update Configurations** page, modify the configurations and click **Update**. 

      >**Notice**
      >
      >The system will restart after you update the component. Proceed with caution.
  
    * View logs: Click **...** for the component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu. The **View Logs** page displays the latest logs. Archived logs will not be displayed. You can **search for**, **download**, and **copy** the logs.

  
    * Destroy the component: If the component is in the error or stopped state, click **...** for the component and choose **Destroy** from the short-cut menu. In the dialog box that appears, enter **delete** to confirm the operation and click **Delete**.

* You can view the **ID** , **Current Checkpoint**, **Latency**, and **Status** of the **Connector** component. You can perform the following operations:

    * Start the component: Click Start for the component. In the dialog box that appears, specify **Whether to Replay Data** and click **Start**.

    * Pause the component: Click **Pause** for the component. In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.
  
    * Update the component: Click **Update** for the component. On the **Update Configurations** page, modify the configurations and click **Update**. 

      >**Notice**
      >
      >The system will restart after you update the component. Proceed with caution.

    * View logs: Click **...** for the component and choose **View Logs** from the short-cut menu. The **View Logs** page displays the latest logs. Archived logs will not be displayed. You can **search for**, **download**, and **copy** the logs.

    * Delete the component: Click **...** for the component and choose **Delete** from the short-cut menu. In the dialog box that appears, enter **delete** to confirm the operation and click **Delete**.

## View parameter configurations 

On the details page of the data synchronization project, click **...** in the upper-right corner and choose **View Parameter Configurations** from the short-cut menu. On the page that appears, you can view the configuration parameters specified when the data synchronization project was created.
